观点聚焦 Investment Focus
disclaimer)
6 Jan 2024
贵州茅台 Kweichow Moutai (600519 CH)
贵州茅台近况更新2023 年收入超预期收官，2024 年终端为王
2023 Production and Operation Review Revenue Exceeds Expectation to Close Year 2023 and since 2024 Terminal is Key
维持优于大市Maintain OUTPERFORM
来源 盟浪 Reproduced by permission no further distribution
Rmb2090bn  US29215bn
日交易额 (3 个月均值)
US59827mn
1 年股价最高最低值
注：现价Rmb1663 为2024 年1 月5 日收盘价
资料来源： Factset
资料来源：公司信息 HTI
(Please see APPENDIX 1 for English summary)
贵州茅台公布2023 年生产经营情况，4Q23 收入超预期，归
母净利润低于预期。经过初步核算，2023 年公司预计实现营业
总收入约1495 亿元，对应4Q23 收入约442 亿元，同比增长约
17%，高于我们预期。其中茅台酒营业收入约1258 亿元，对应
4Q23 茅台酒收入约385 亿，同比增长152%，低于我们预期，主
要因为4Q23 茅台非标酒或有所控量；系列酒营业收入约204 亿
元，首次突破200 亿元，其中1935 破百亿，同比增长约28%，对
应4Q23 系列酒收入约48 亿，同比增长约41%，超我们预期。2023
年公司预计实现归属于上市公司股东的净利润约735 亿元，同比增
长约172%，对应4Q23 归母净利润约206 亿，同比增长126%，
低于我们预期，主要因为4Q23 系列酒增量较多，且非标酒控量，
拉低总体利润率水平。经过公司初步核算，2023 年度生产茅台酒
基酒约572 万吨，系列酒基酒约429 万吨。
公司战略升级，终端为王，数字化规划清晰完善。在茅台集
团2024 年度市场工作会上，丁雄军董事长以美无止境，我无止
境为主题解读公司战略升级，强调终端为王。要坚持产品、渠
道、品牌、终端四端并驾齐驱，要把握好四端之间的关系及
一盘棋战略，五合营销法与终端的关系。强调持续坚持终端为
王，以消费者为核心，进一步理解好终端对于市场的重要意义，
并坚持形态、业态、生态三态齐抓共建。根据茅台市场工作会议
数据，2023 年i 茅台注册用户超5300 万，累计交易额443 亿；巽
风数字世界，主要投放节气酒等产品，注册用户530 万人，交易额
40 亿以上。2024 年公司将对i 茅台持续升级，公司将探索数字藏
品可交易和数字社区等运营工作。此外，公司将推出MOUTIME、
 美社区等新模式新业态，数字化探索走在行业前列，引领白酒行
业数字化营销和发展。
区域上加快国际化终端建设，持续加大茅台非标酒和文化酒
的产品创新。2024 年起公司将逐步增加茅台酒、系列酒和集团家
族产品的出口量，力争在2027 年实现国际出口市场营业收入超
100 亿元的目标。兼顾好国内和国际两个市场，推动形成互为支
撑、互为补充的市场格局。总体坚持合同签订主体不增、合同计
划总量不增，通过激励政策、配比政策、价格政策、业务政策等
引导鼓励各渠道商积极拓展国际市场。目前茅台在海外已覆盖64
个国家和地区，拥有106 家国际渠道商，44 家专场店和3 家文化
体验馆。产品推新方面，在上月末推出了散花飞天（53%vol
500ml），将于i 茅台投放，预计限量供应；并在巽风平台将推出
巽风酒（53%vol 375ml）。茅台系列酒方面，预期公司将持续推出
和夯实各价位段主力产品，加大系列酒的发力和收入贡献。
6 Jan 2024
贵州茅台 (600519 CH)
投资建议与盈利预测。考虑非直营渠道茅台酒和部分非标酒提价影响，我们预期贵
州茅台2023-2025 年营业收入分别为14951722819725 亿元，较之前预期分别上调
05% 06%01%。归母净利润分别为735858987 亿元 较之前预期分别调整-10%
-02%-07%。白酒行业自2023 年起呈K 型分化，未来竞争将进一步加剧，份额将进一
步整合，公司仍有望在各价格段拓宽市场并获取份额。2024 年起海外市场将成为茅台
酒重要增量之一，系列酒也将在各价位段夯实主力大单品贡献收入。此外，茅台酒和
系列酒的在建产能逐步落地也为收入增长给予稳定支持。贵州茅台股价对应2023 年
286X PE，2024 年245X PE，我们维持公司优于大市评级，给予24 年30X PE 估值，
维持目标价2050 元，较现价有23%的上行空间。
风险提示。消费力低于预期，经济低于预期。
6 Jan 2024
贵州茅台 (600519 CH)
表1 可比上市公司估值预测
资料来源：wind， HTI
注：收盘价为2024 年1 月4 日数据，盈利预测来源于HTI 和Wind 一致预期
6 Jan 2024
贵州茅台 (600519 CH)
6 Jan 2024
贵州茅台 (600519 CH)
APPENDIX 1
Guizhou Moutai announced its 2023 production and operation with 4Q23 revenue better than expectation and net attributable
for the first time to break through the 20 billion yuan of which 1935 broke ten billion yuan a year-on-year growth of about 28%
735 billion yuan an increase of about 172% year-on-year corresponding to 4Q23 net profit of about 206 billion an increase of
126% year-on-year lower than our expectations mainly because Moutai series liquor was realized more in 4Q23 and non-
standard Moutai liquor shipment was reduced as we expected pulling down the overall level of profitability Based on the
of about 42900 tons in 2023
with the previous estimates were adjusted upward by 05% 06%01% we expect Guizhou Moutais net profit to be
of the important incremental channels of Moutai liquor and Moutai series liquor will gain market share in different price segments
rating giving 24 years 30X PE valuation with a target price of 2050 RMB with 23% upside
Risk Lower than expected consumption power Slower-than-expected economic growth
APPENDIX 2
Environmental
我们护生态，持续擦亮绿色底色。践行绿水
青山就是金山银山理念，坚持生态优先，绿
色发展，坚定走好绿线发展道路。积极响
应双碳战略，实施增水、提气、固土、
护微、生态系统平衡五大专项工程，开展节
能降碳增效、绿色产品设计、产业链绿色转型、
绿色科技创新、绿色低碳生活五大专项行动。
我们强担当，竭诚回报奉献社会。始终秉承大
品牌、大担当的责任理念，与社会共享发展
成果。坚持员工是最宝贵的财富，实施四项
计划和四项工程，人才活力全域迸发。
Governance
我们优治理，全面推动提质增效。
坚持以高质量党建引领高质量发展，
持续优化公司治理结构，大力推进
现代企业制度建设。完善投资者关
系管理，持续为股东创造价值回报。
强化内部控制建设，树立大合规
意识，夯实法治管理体系，提升风
IMPORTANT DISCLOSURES
This research report is distributed by Haitong International a global brand name for the equity research teams of Haitong International Research Limited (HTIRL) Haitong Securities India Private
Limited (HSIPL) Haitong International Japan KK (HTIJKK) Haitong International Securities Company Limited (HTISCL) and any other members within the Haitong International Securities Group
of Companies (HTISG) each authorized to engage in securities activities in its respective jurisdiction
我， 寇媛媛，在此保证（i）本研究报告中的意见准确反映了我们对本研究中提及的任何或所有目标公司或上市公司的个人观点，并且（ii）我的报酬中没有任何部分与本研究报告中表
whom I have already notified of this will not deal in or trade any securities in respect of the issuer that I review within 3 business days after the research report is published
我， 闻宏伟，在此保证（i）本研究报告中的意见准确反映了我们对本研究中提及的任何或所有目标公司或上市公司的个人观点，并且（ii）我的报酬中没有任何部分与本研究报告中表
whom I have already notified of this will not deal in or trade any securities in respect of the issuer that I review within 3 business days after the research report is published
利益冲突披露Conflict of Interest Disclosures
海通国际及其某些关联公司可从事投资银行业务和或对本研究中的特定股票或公司进行做市或持有自营头寸。就本研究报告而言，以下是有关该等关系的披露事项（以下披露不能保
贵州茅台酒厂集团啤酒有限责任公司 and 000596CH arewere a client of Haitong currently or within the past 12 months The client has been provided for non-investment-banking securities-
related services
评级定义（从2020 年7 月1 日开始执行）：
海通国际（以下简称HTI）采用相对评级系统来为投资者推荐我们覆盖的公
司：优于大市、中性或弱于大市。投资者应仔细阅读HTI 的评级定义。并且HTI
基于各自情况（比如投资者的现有持仓）以及其他因素。
优于大市，未来12-18 个月内预期相对基准指数涨幅在10%以上，基准定义如
中性，未来12-18 个月内预期相对基准指数变化不大，基准定义如下。根据
FINRANYSE 的评级分布规则，我们会将中性评级划入持有这一类别。
弱于大市，未来12-18 个月内预期相对基准指数跌幅在10%以上，基准定义如
各地股票基准指数：日本  TOPIX 韩国  KOSPI 台湾  TAIEX 印度  Nifty100 美
国  SP500 其他所有中国概念股  MSCI China
Ratings Definitions (from 1 Jul 2020)
Haitong International uses a relative rating system using Outperform
investors Investors should carefully read the definitions of all ratings used
in Haitong International Research In addition since Haitong International
评级分布Rating Distribution
views investors should carefully read Haitong International Research in its
entirety and not infer the contents from the rating alone In any case
ratings (or research) should not be used or relied upon as investment
advice An investors decision to buy or sell a stock should depend on
individual circumstances (such as the investors existing holdings) and other
considerations
Analyst Stock Ratings
Outperform The stocks total return over the next 12-18 months is
expected to exceed the return of its relevant broad market benchmark as
indicated below
Neutral The stocks total return over the next 12-18 months is expected to
be in line with the return of its relevant broad market benchmark as
indicated below For purposes only of FINRANYSE ratings distribution
rules our Neutral rating falls into a hold rating category
Underperform The stocks total return over the next 12-18 months is
expected to be below the return of its relevant broad market benchmark
as indicated below
Benchmarks for each stocks listed region are as follows Japan  TOPIX
Korea  KOSPI Taiwan  TAIEX India  Nifty100 US  SP500 for all other
China-concept stocks  MSCI China
截至2023 年9 月30 日海通国际股票研究评级分布
在每个评级类别里投资银行客户所占的百分比。
上述分布中的买入，中性和卖出分别对应我们当前优于大市，中性和落后大市评级。
只有根据FINRANYSE 的评级分布规则，我们才将中性评级划入持有这一类别。请注意在上表中不包含非评级的股票。
此前的评级系统定义（直至2020 年6 月30 日）：
买入，未来12-18 个月内预期相对基准指数涨幅在10%以上，基准定义如下
中性，未来12-18 个月内预期相对基准指数变化不大，基准定义如下。根据FINRANYSE 的评级分布规则，我们会将中性评级划入持有这一类别。
卖出，未来12-18 个月内预期相对基准指数跌幅在10%以上，基准定义如下
各地股票基准指数：日本  TOPIX 韩国  KOSPI 台湾  TAIEX 印度  Nifty100 其他所有中国概念股  MSCI China
Haitong International Equity Research Ratings Distribution as of September 30 2023
HTI Equity Research Coverage
IB clients
Percentage of investment banking clients in each rating category
BUY Neutral and SELL in the above distribution correspond to our current ratings of Outperform Neutral and Underperform
For purposes only of FINRANYSE ratings distribution rules our Neutral rating falls into a hold rating category Please note that stocks with an NR designation are not included in the table above
Previous rating system definitions (until 30 Jun 2020)
BUY The stocks total return over the next 12-18 months is expected to exceed the return of its relevant broad market benchmark as indicated below
NEUTRAL The stocks total return over the next 12-18 months is expected to be in line with the return of its relevant broad market benchmark as indicated below For purposes
only of FINRANYSE ratings distribution rules our Neutral rating falls into a hold rating category
SELL The stocks total return over the next 12-18 months is expected to be below the return of its relevant broad market benchmark as indicated below
Benchmarks for each stocks listed region are as follows Japan  TOPIX Korea  KOSPI Taiwan  TAIEX India  Nifty100 for all other China-concept stocks  MSCI China
海通国际非评级研究：海通国际发布计量、筛选或短篇报告，并在报告中根据估值和其他指标对股票进行排名，或者基于可能的估值倍数提出建议价格。这种排名或建议价格并非为
Haitong International Non-Rated Research  Haitong International publishes quantitative screening or short reports which may rank stocks according to valuation and other metrics or may suggest
prices based on possible valuation multiples Such rankings or suggested prices do not purport to be stock ratings or target prices or fundamental values and are for information only
Haitong International Coverage of A-Shares  Haitong International may cover and rate A-Shares that are subject to the Hong Kong Stock Connect scheme with Shanghai and Shenzhen Haitong
system employed by HS differs from that used by HTI and as a result there may be a difference in the HTI and HS ratings for the same A-share stocks
股团队自下而上的研究。海通国际每季对Q100 指数成分作出复审。
Haitong International Quality 100 A-share (Q100) Index  HTIs Q100 Index is a quant product that consists of 100 of the highest-quality A-shares under coverage at HS in Shanghai These stocks are
盟浪义利（FIN-ESG）数据通免责声明条款：在使用盟浪义利（FIN-ESG）数据之前，请务必仔细阅读本条款并同意本声明：
第一条 义利（FIN-ESG）数据系由盟浪可持续数字科技有限责任公司（以下简称本公司）基于合法取得的公开信息评估而成，本公司对信息的准确性及完整性不作任何保证。对公司
的评估结果仅供参考，并不构成对任何个人或机构投资建议，也不能作为任何个人或机构购买、出售或持有相关金融产品的依据。本公司不对任何个人或机构投资者因使用本数据表
述的评估结果造成的任何直接或间接损失负责。
第二条 盟浪并不因收到此评估数据而将收件人视为客户，收件人使用此数据时应根据自身实际情况作出自我独立判断。本数据所载内容反映的是盟浪在最初发布本数据日期当日的判
断，盟浪有权在不发出通知的情况下更新、修订与发出其他与本数据所载内容不一致或有不同结论的数据。除非另行说明，本数据（如财务业绩数据等）仅代表过往表现，过往的业
绩表现不作为日后回报的预测。
第三条 本数据版权归本公司所有，本公司依法保留各项权利。未经本公司事先书面许可授权，任何个人或机构不得将本数据中的评估结果用于任何营利性目的，不得对本数据进行修
改、复制、编译、汇编、再次编辑、改编、删减、缩写、节选、发行、出租、展览、表演、放映、广播、信息网络传播、摄制、增加图标及说明等，否则因此给盟浪或其他第三方造
成损失的，由用户承担相应的赔偿责任，盟浪不承担责任。
第四条 如本免责声明未约定，而盟浪网站平台载明的其他协议内容（如盟浪网站用户注册协议盟浪网用户服务（含认证）协议盟浪网隐私政策等）有约定的，则按其他
协议的约定执行；若本免责声明与其他协议约定存在冲突或不一致的，则以本免责声明约定为准。
SusallWave FIN-ESG Data Service Disclaimer Please read these terms and conditions below carefully and confirm your agreement and acceptance with these terms before using SusallWave FIN-
ESG Data Service
FIN-ESG Data is produced by SusallWave Digital Technology Co Ltd (In short SusallWave)s assessment based on legal publicly accessible information SusallWave shall not be responsible
selling or holding any relative financial products We will not be liable for any direct or indirect loss of any individual or institution as a result of using SusallWave FIN-ESG Data
SusallWave do not consider recipients as customers for receiving these data When using the data recipients shall make your own independent judgment according to your practical individual
status The contents of the data reflect the judgment of us only on the release day We have right to update and amend the data and release other data that contains inconsistent contents or
different conclusions without notification Unless expressly stated the data (eg financial performance data) represents past performance only and the past performance cannot be viewed as the
prediction of future return
abbreviation excerpts issuance rent exhibition performance projection broadcast information network transmission shooting adding icons and instructions If any loss of SusallWave or any
If any term is not contained in this disclaimer but written in other agreements on our website (eg User Registration Protocol of SusallWave Website User Service (including authentication)
Agreement of SusallWave Website Privacy Policy of Susallwave Website) it should be executed according to other agreements If there is any difference between this disclaim and other agreements
this disclaimer shall be applied
行，包括制作及发布涵盖BSE Limited（BSE）和National Stock Exchange of India Limited（NSE）上市公司（统称为印度交易所）的研究报告。HTSIPL 于2016 年12 月22 日被收购
可能会对投资产生不利影响。过去的表现并不一定代表将来的结果。某些特定交易，包括设计金融衍生工具的，有产生重大风险的可能性，因此并不适合所有的投资者。您还应认识到
其他方面的专业顾问，以期在投资之前评估该项建议是否适合于您。若由于使用本文件所载的材料而产生任何直接或间接的损失，HTISG 及其董事、雇员或代理人对此均不承担任何责
HTISG 的销售员、交易员和其他专业人士均可向HTISG 的相关客户和公司提供与本文件所述意见相反的口头或书面市场评论意见或交易策略。HTISG 可做出与本文件所述建议或意见不
一致的投资决策。但HTIRL 没有义务来确保本文件的收件人了解到该等交易决定、思路或建议。
For research reports on non-Indian securities The research report is issued by Haitong International Research Limited (HTIRL) a wholly owned subsidiary of Haitong International Securities Group
Limited (HTISGL) and a licensed corporation to carry on Type 4 regulated activity (advising on securities) for the purpose of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap 571) of Hong Kong with the
assistance of Haitong International (Japan) KK (HTIJKK) a wholly owned subsidiary of HTISGL and which is regulated as an Investment Adviser by the Kanto Finance Bureau of Japan
registered Stock Broker Merchant Banker and Research Analyst that inter alia produces and distributes research reports covering listed entities on the BSE Limited (BSE) and the National Stock
Exchange of India Limited (NSE) (collectively referred to as Indian Exchanges) HSIPL was acquired and became part of the Haitong International Securities Group of Companies (HTISG) on 22
December 2016
All the research reports are globally branded under the name Haitong International and approved for distribution by Haitong International Securities Company Limited (HTISCL) andor any other
members within HTISG in their respective jurisdictions
referred to in this research report may not be eligible for purchase or sale in some jurisdictions If an investment product is denominated in a currency other than an investors home currency a
change in exchange rates may adversely affect the investment Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results Certain transactions including those involving derivatives give rise to
your unique financial circumstances such as your financial situation and risk appetite You must therefore analyze and should where applicable consult your own legal tax accounting financial
for any direct or consequential loss arising from any use of the materials contained in this research report
HTISG and our affiliates officers directors and employees excluding the analysts responsible for the content of this document will from time to time have long or short positions in act as principal
to the attention of any recipient of this research report
with respect to Research
Non US Analyst Disclosure  The HTI analyst(s) listed on the cover of this Research is (are) not registered or qualified as a  research analyst with FINRA and are not subject to US FINRA Rule 2241
期货事务监察委员会的审查。您不应仅根据本研究报告中所载的信息做出投资决定。本研究报告的收件人就研究报告中产生或与之相关的任何事宜请联系HTISCL 销售人员。
美国投资者的通知事项：本研究报告由HTIRL，HSIPL 或HTIJKK 编写。 HTIRL，HSIPL，HTIJKK 以及任何非HTISG 美国联营公司，均未在美国注册，因此不受美国关于研究报告编制和研
资者（US Institutional Investors）。在向美国机构投资者分发研究报告时，Haitong International Securities (USA) Inc （HTI USA） 将对报告的内容负责。任何收到本研究报告的美国
351-6050。 HTI USA 是在美国于US Securities and Exchange Commission（SEC）注册的经纪商，也是Financial Industry Regulatory Authority Inc（FINRA）的成员。 HTIUSA 不负责编写
Haitong International Securities (USA) Inc
340 Madison Avenue 12th Floor
New York NY 10173
DISTRIBUTION AND REGIONAL NOTICES
Except as otherwise indicated below any Recipient wishing to discuss this research report or effect any transaction in any security discussed in HTIs research should contact the Haitong International
salesperson in their own country or region
Notice to Hong Kong investors The research report is distributed by Haitong International Securities Company Limited (HTISCL) which is a licensed corporation to carry on Type 1 regulated activity
(dealing in securities) in Hong Kong This research report does not constitute a solicitation or an offer of securities or an invitation to the public within the meaning of the SFO This research report
is only to be circulated to Professional Investors as defined in the SFO This research report has not been reviewed by the Securities and Futures Commission You should not make investment
decisions solely on the basis of the information contained in this research report Recipients of this research report are to contact HTISCL salespersons in respect of any matters arising from or in
connection with the research report
Notice to US investors As described above this research report was prepared by HTIRL HSIPL or HTIJKK Neither HTIRL HSIPL HTIJKK nor any of the non US HTISG affiliates is registered in the
United States and therefore is not subject to US rules regarding the preparation of research reports and the independence of research analysts  This research report is provided for distribution to
major US institutional investors and US institutional investors in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Rule 15a-6 of the US Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended
When distributing research reports to US institutional investors HTI USA will accept the responsibilities for the content of the reports  Any US recipient of this research report wishing to effect
any transaction to buy or sell securities or related financial instruments based on the information provided in this research report should do so only through Haitong International Securities (USA)
Inc (HTI USA) located at 340 Madison Avenue 12th Floor New York NY 10173 USA telephone (212) 351 6050  HTI USA is a broker-dealer registered in the US with the US Securities and
Exchange Commission (the SEC) and a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority Inc (FINRA)  HTI USA is not responsible for the preparation of this research report nor for the
analysis contained therein  Under no circumstances should any US recipient of this research report contact the analyst directly or effect any transaction to buy or sell securities or related financial
instruments directly through HSIPL HTIRL or HTIJKK  The HSIPL HTIRL or HTIJKK analyst(s) whose name appears in this research report is not registered or qualified as a research analyst with FINRA
in any non-US securities or related financial instruments (including ADRs) discussed in this research report may present certain risks  The securities of non-US issuers may not be registered with
financial instruments All inquiries by US recipients should be directed to
Haitong International Securities (USA) Inc
340 Madison Avenue 12th Floor
New York NY 10173
Attn  Sales Desk at (212) 351 6050
中华人民共和国的通知事项：在中华人民共和国（下称中国，就本报告目的而言，不包括香港特别行政区、澳门特别行政区和台湾）只有根据适用的中国法律法规而收到该材料的人
103 Registration Requirements Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations（NI 31-103）的规定得到国际交易商豁免（International Dealer Exemption ）的交易商，位于艾伯塔
National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions 第11 节或者Securities Act (Ontario)第733(1)节所规定的认可投资者（Accredited Investor），或者在适用情况下National
Instrument 31-103 第11 节所规定的许可投资者（Permitted Investor）。
新加坡投资者的通知事项：本研究报告由Haitong International Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd（HTISSPL）公司注册编号201311400G 于新加坡提供。HTISSPL 是符合财务顾问法（第
题，本研究报告的收件人应通过以下信息与HTISSPL 联系：
Haitong International Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd
50 Raffles Place 33-03 Singapore Land Tower Singapore 048623
（1）条，第17-11（1）条的执行及相关条款）。
相关的投资行为只面对此类专业客户。没有投资经验或相关投资经验的客户不得依赖本报告。Haitong International Securities Company Limited 的分支机构的净长期或短期金融权益可能
超过本研究报告中提及的实体已发行股本总额的05。特别提醒有些英文报告有可能此前已经通过中文或其它语言完成发布。
澳大利亚投资者的通知事项：Haitong International Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd Haitong International Securities Company Limited 和Haitong International Securities (UK) Limited 分别根据澳
等法律与在澳大利亚所适用的法律存在差异。
发布，包括制作及发布涵盖BSE Limited（BSE）和National Stock Exchange of India Limited（NSE）（统称为印度交易所）研究报告。
研究机构名称 Haitong Securities India Private Limited
841 Senapati Bapat Marg Elphinstone Road Mumbai 400 013 India
请注意，SEBI 授予的注册和 NISM 的认证并不保证中介的表现或为投资者提供任何回报保证。
本项研究仅供收件人使用，未经海通国际的书面同意不得予以复制和再次分发。
Peoples Republic of China (PRC) In the PRC the research report is directed for the sole use of those who receive the research report in accordance with the applicable PRC laws and regulations
Further the information on the research report does not constitute production and business activities in the PRC under relevant PRC laws This research report does not constitute a public offer
of the security whether by sale or subscription in the PRC Further no legal or natural persons of the PRC may directly or indirectly purchase any of the security or any beneficial interest therein
these restrictions
Notice to Canadian Investors Under no circumstances is this research report to be construed as an offer to sell securities or as a solicitation of an offer to buy securities in any jurisdiction of Canada
Any offer or sale of the securities described herein in Canada will be made only under an exemption from the requirements to file a prospectus with the relevant Canadian securities regulators and
only by Haitong International Securities (USA) Inc a dealer relying on the international dealer exemption under National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements Exemptions and Ongoing
Registrant Obligations (NI 31-103) in Alberta British Columbia Ontario and Quebec This research report is not and under no circumstances should be construed as a prospectus an offering
research report the information contained herein or the merits of the securities described herein and any representation to the contrary is an offence Upon receipt of this research report each
Canadian recipient will be deemed to have represented that the investor is an accredited investor as such term is defined in section 11 of National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or
in Ontario in section 733(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario) as applicable and a permitted client as such term is defined in section 11 of NI 31-103 respectively
Notice to Singapore investors This research report is provided in Singapore by or through Haitong International Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd (HTISSPL) Co Reg No 201311400G HTISSPL is an
Exempt Financial Adviser under the Financial Advisers Act (Cap 110) (FAA) to (a) advise on securities units in a collective investment scheme exchange-traded derivatives contracts and over-the-
counter derivatives contracts and (b) issue or promulgate research analyses or research reports on securities exchange-traded derivatives contracts and over-the-counter derivatives contracts This
research report is only provided to institutional investors within the meaning of Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act (Cap 289) Recipients of this research report are to contact HTISSPL via
the details below in respect of any matters arising from or in connection with the research report
Haitong International Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd
10 Collyer Quay 19-01 - 19-05 Ocean Financial Centre Singapore 049315
Telephone (65) 6536 1920
Notice to Japanese investors This research report is distributed by Haitong International Securities Company Limited and intended to be distributed to Financial Services Providers or Registered
Financial Institutions engaged in investment management (as defined in the Japan Financial Instruments and Exchange Act (FIEL) Art 61(1) Order for Enforcement of FIEL Art 17-11(1) and related
articles)
Notice to UK and European Union investors This research report is distributed by Haitong International Securities Company Limited This research is directed at persons having professional
experience in matters relating to investments Any investment or investment activity to which this research relates is available only to such persons or will be engaged in only with such persons
Persons who do not have professional experience in matters relating to investments should not rely on this research  Haitong International Securities Company Limiteds affiliates may have a net
long or short financial interest in excess of 05% of the total issued share capital of the entities mentioned in this research report  Please be aware that any report in English may have been published
previously in Chinese or another language
Notice to Australian investors The research report is distributed in Australia by Haitong International Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd Haitong International Securities Company Limited and Haitong
International Securities (UK) Limited in reliance on ASIC Corporations (Repeal and Transitional) Instrument 2016396 which exempts those HTISG entities from the requirement to hold an Australian
financial services license under the Corporations Act 2001 in respect of the financial services it provides to wholesale clients in Australia  A copy of the ASIC Class Orders may be obtained at the
International Securities (UK) Limited are regulated under foreign laws and regulatory requirements which are different from the laws applying in Australia
Stock Broker Merchant Banker and Research Analyst that inter alia produces and distributes research reports covering listed entities on the BSE Limited (BSE) and the National Stock Exchange of
India Limited (NSE) (collectively referred to as Indian Exchanges)
Name of the entity Haitong Securities India Private Limited
SEBI Research Analyst Registration Number INH000002590
Address  1203A Floor 12A Tower 2A One World Center
841 Senapati Bapat Marg Elphinstone Road Mumbai 400 013 India
Please note that Registration granted by SEBI and Certification from NISM in no way guarantee performance of the intermediary or provide any assurance of returns to investors
This research report is intended for the recipients only and may not be reproduced or redistributed without the written consent of an authorized signatory of HTISG
Copyright Haitong International Securities Group Limited 2019 All rights reserved
Source Company data Bloomberg HTI estimates