See the last page for disclaimer
第一套乙烯装置改造完成后预计显著降低生产成本。公司生产全流程关键环节，深入推进技改优化落地，
打造极致成本。公司采用乙烷、石脑油混合进料的120 万吨年的第二套乙烯装置已在2025H1 开车成功，
采用丙烷进料的第一套乙烯装置正在进行乙烷进料改造，改造完成后将获得成本优势，从根源上提高公司
科威特石化工业公司合资完成工商变更登记。科威特石化工业公司（PIC）向万华化学（烟台）石化有限
公司增资638 亿美元，获得万华化学(烟台)石化有限公司25%股权。科威特石化工业公司（PIC）的母公
司是科威特石油公司（KPC 公司）。KPC 公司成立于1980 年，是将科威特石油部门的所有国有元素聚集
在一个公司框架下的全球主要石油能源集团之一，负责勘探、生产、销售科威特境内所有碳氢化合物资源。
万华福建MDI 技改扩能项目获批。2025 年10 月19 日，福州市生态环境局批复万华化学（福建）异氰酸
酯有限公司 150 万吨年 MDI 技改扩能一体化项目。该项目拟在原 80 万吨年 MDI 项目基 础上将 MDI 冷
媒、缩合装置、光化装置、分离装置技改至匹配 150 万吨年 MDI 产能。根据2024 年年报，截至2024 年
末，公司拥有MDI 产能380 万吨年，同时万华福建MDI 将技改扩能新增70 万吨年，预计2026 年第二季
度完成，届时万华全球MDI 产能将达到450 万吨年。
自研技术加速成果转化。公司MS 装置一次性开车成功，丰富了光学业务产品线；叔丁胺产业化成功，不
断延伸特种胺的产业链。砜聚合物已产出合格品，完善了万华工程塑料的解决方案。生物基 13-丁二醇成
功导入化妆品客户。电池材料持续加大研发投入，多项技术取得阶段性突破，第四代磷酸铁锂完成量产供
应，五代完成定型首发。公司坚持产品差异化战略，开发多个高附加值POE、聚烯烃、尼龙12、改性材
料新品，拓展细分市场，助力新业务能力提升。
盈利预测。我们预测公司2025-2027 年归母净利润分别13495、16350 和18100 亿元。参考同行业可比
公司估值，给予公司26 年14 倍PE，给予目标价7308 元，首次覆盖给予买入评级。
SFC CE BTE209
万华化学Wanhua Chemical Group (600309CH)
装置改造有助提升盈利能力，自研技术加速成果转化
Equipment renovation improve profitability  Self-developed technology accelerates transformation
See the last page for disclaimer
表1：可比公司估值表
注：股价更新至2025 年10 月22 日收盘价。
安全风险、行业竞争加剧的风险、海外经营环境变化的风险。
营业总收入（百万元）
归母净利润（百万元）
市盈率(现价最新股本摊薄)
See the last page for disclaimer
财务报表分析和预测（单位：百万元）
EBIT Margin(%)
应收账款周转率(次)
PE(现价最新股本摊薄)
EPS-最新股本摊薄(元)
DPS-最新股本摊薄(元)
备注：（1）表中计算估值指标的收盘价日期为2025 年 10 月22 日；（2）以上各表均为简表
See the last page for disclaimer
Whats New
implementation of technological transformation and optimization and creating the ultimate cost The second
ethylene unit with a capacity of 12 million tonsyear using a mixture of ethane and naphtha as feed has been
successfully put into operation in 2025H1 The first ethylene unit using propane as feed is undergoing ethane
feed transformation which will gain cost advantages and fundamentally improve the profitability of the
capital by 638 million US dollars to acquire a 25% stake in Wanhua Chemical (Yantai) Petrochemical Co Ltd
KPC was founded in 1980 and is one of the worlds major oil and energy groups that brings together all state-
owned elements of Kuwaits oil sector under one corporate framework It is responsible for exploring
producing and selling all hydrocarbon resources within Kuwait
The Wanhua Fujian MDI technical renovation and capacity expansion project has been approved On
October 19 2025 the Ecological Environment Bureau of Fuzhou City approved the 15 million tonsyear MDI
technical renovation and capacity expansion integration project of Wanhua Chemical (Fujian) Isocyanate Co
Ltd The project plans to upgrade the MDI refrigerant condensation unit photochemical unit and separation
unit to match a production capacity of 15 million tonsyear based on the original 800000 tonsyear MDI project
38 million tons per year At the same time Wanhua Fujian MDI will upgrade and expand its production
MDI production capacity will reach 45 million tons per year
Whats Different
was successfully started in one go enriching the optical business product line The industrialization of tert
butylamine has been successful continuously extending the industrial chain of specialty amines Sulfone
polymer has produced qualified products improving Wanhuas solution for engineering plastics Biobased 13-
butanediol successfully imported into cosmetics customers The research and development investment in
battery materials continues to increase and multiple technologies have achieved phased breakthroughs The
high value-added POE polyolefin nylon 12 and modified material new products expands segmented
markets and helps improve new business capabilities
a BUY rating is given
See the last page for disclaimer
业，主要覆盖化工和新材料行业。
业。环球富盛理财有限公司是一家香港的持牌券商机构，成立于2014 年。
体、炸药、氟化工、分子筛、电解液和合成生物学等行业。覆盖的公司包括：东
岳集团、环球新材国际、中国心连心化肥、中化化肥、阜丰集团、中国三江化
工、中国联塑、浦林成山、米高集团、中国石油化学、中国旭阳集团、彩客新能
源、天德化工、理文化工等。
微信：zhuangcharles
COMPANY RATING DEFINITION
The Benchmark Hong Kong Hang Seng Index
Time Horizon 6 to 18 months
Relative Performance15%)
or the fundamental outlook of the Company or sector is favorable
Relative Performance is 5% to 15%)
or the fundamental outlook of the Company or sector is favorable
Relative Performance is -5% to 5%)
or the fundamental outlook of the Company or sector is neutral
Relative Performance is -5% to -15%)
or the fundamental outlook of the Company or sector is unfavorable
Relative Performance  -15%)
or the fundamental outlook of the Company or sector is unfavorable
SECTOR RATING DEFINITION
The Benchmark Hong Kong Hang Seng Index
Time Horizon 6 to 18 months
Relative Performance5%)
or the fundamental outlook of the sector is favorable
Relative Performance is -5% to 5%)
or the fundamental outlook of the sector is neutral
Relative Performance-5%)
Or the fundamental outlook of the sector is unfavorable
DISCLOSURE OF INTERESTS
(1) The Analysts and their associates do not serve as an officer of the issuer mentioned in this Research Report
(2) The Analysts and their associates do not have any financial interests in relation to the issuer mentioned in this Research Report
(3) Global Prosperity Financial Company Limited andor its subsidiaries do not hold equal to or more than 1% of the market capitalization of
the issuer mentioned in this Research Report
(4) Global Prosperity Financial Company Limited andor its subsidiaries have not had investment banking relationships with the issuer
mentioned in this Research Report within the preceding 12 months
(5) Global Prosperity Financial Company Limited andor its subsidiaries are not making a market in the securities in respect of the issuer
mentioned in this Research Report
(6) Global Prosperity Financial Company Limitedandor its subsidiaries have not employed an individual serving as an officer of the issuer
mentioned in this Research Report There is no officer of the issuer mentioned in this Research Report associated with Global Prosperity
Financial Company Limited andor its subsidiaries
This Research Report does not constitute an invitation or offer to acquire purchase or subscribe for securities by Global Prosperity Financial
in research reports including investment banking investment services etc (for example the placing agent lead manager sponsor
underwriter or invest proprietarily)
Any opinions expressed in this report may differ or be contrary to opinions or investment strategies expressed orally or in written form by sales
expressed in this report may differ or be contrary to opinions or investment decisions made by the asset management and investment banking
groups of Global Prosperity Financial Company Limited
Though best effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information and data contained in this Research Report Global Prosperity
may contain some forward-looking estimates and forecasts derived from the assumptions of the future political and economic conditions with
objectives and its related risks and where necessary consult their own financial advisers prior to any investment decision
This Research Report is not directed at or intended for distribution to or use by any person or entity who is a citizen or resident of or located
in any jurisdiction where such distribution publication availability or use would be contrary to applicable law or regulation or which would
jurisdiction
 2025 Global Prosperity Financial Company Limited All Rights Reserved
Unit 2301 23F 308 Central Des Voeux 308 Des Voeux Road Central Sheung Wan Hong Kong