p
Great Wall Motor-A
Rating
Sell
Valuation & Risks
Automobiles & Components
Price at 9 Jul 2018 (CNY)
9.33
Price target - 12mth (CNY)
6.20
52-week range (CNY)
13.53 - 9.26
HANG SENG INDEX
28,688
Breaking News
Asia
China
Company
Great Wall Motor-A
Reuters
Bloomberg
Exchange
Ticker
601633.SS
601633 CG
SHH
601633
Date
10 July 2018
Deutsche Bank
Research
JV set-up with BMW conﬁrmed
A 50:50 JV to develop and manufacture both new energy and traditional
vehicles
On 10 July, Great Wall Motor entered into a JV contract with BMW Group
(BMWG.DE, EUR80.21, Buy) regarding the establishment of Spotlight Automotive
Limited, a 50:50 JV company based in China mainly to develop, manufacture
and sell both new energy vehicles (NEV) and traditional vehicles, including
export. Total investment is estimated to be RMB5.1bn, with registered capital of
RMB1.7bn to be equally contributed by Great Wall and BMW (i.e., the remaining
RMB3.4bn funding will be raised by the JV via other means). Planned initial annual
capacity is 160k units. The initial concession period is 15 years, with the option
to extend upon mutual consent of the two parties.
Great Wall Motor believes the JV will greatly improve the technology level and
brand premium of the company, and further tap into the NEV market at home
and overseas.
Deutsche Bank view - a positive for Great Wall but don't get overexcited
Where the JV contract diﬀers from the letter of intent dated February is that: 1)
the traditional vehicle business is formally included in the contract, 2) the vehicle
export possibility is formally included, and 3) Great Wall will not have majority
stake.
While a new MINI JV, after ramping up, shall add an earnings component to Great
Wall besides acquiring advanced NEV technologies (and NEV credits), we still
have doubts about the extent of the positive impact in the foreseeable future. To
begin with, considering the time to set up the JV and get ready for production, we
do not expect to see meaningful sales until 2020. Furthermore, MINI's global sales
were 372k units in 2017, with 35k units of sales in China. Even if we optimistically
assume that the JV will be responsible for producing 100k vehicles at an average
ASP of RMB200k, a 10% net proﬁt margin and 50% earnings share would imply
incremental proﬁt of RMB1bn, or 11% of our FY20 earnings forecast. While this
is deﬁnitely a positive to Great Wall Motor, it cannot mask the concerns we have
about Great Wall's own brand's competitive pressure due to market share erosion.
Vincent Ha, CFA
Research Analyst
+852-2203 6247
Yan Lin
Research Analyst
+852-2203 5929
Price/price relative
Great Wall Motor-A
HANG SENG INDEX (Rebased)
2016
2017
2018
10
20
0
Performance (%)
1m
3m 12m
Absolute
-13.0 -17.9 -32.1
HANG SENG INDEX
-7.3
-5.1 13.2
Source: Deutsche Bank
Key indicators (FY1)
ROE (%)
15.4
Net debt/equity (%)
28.9
Book value/share (CNY)
6.10
Price/book (x)
1.5
Net interest cover (x)
37.9
Operating proﬁt margin (%)
8.0
Source: Deutsche Bank
Deutsche Bank AG/Hong Kong
Deutsche Bank does and seeks to do business with companies covered in its research reports. Thus, investors should be
aware that the ﬁrm may have a conﬂict of interest that could aﬀect the objectivity of this report. Investors should consider
this report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. DISCLOSURES AND ANALYST CERTIFICATIONS
ARE LOCATED IN APPENDIX 1. MCI (P) 091/04/2018. THE CONTENT MAY NOT BE DISTRIBUTED IN THE PEOPLE ’ S
REPUBLIC OF CHINA (“THE PRC”) (EXCEPT IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS OF
PRC), EXCLUDING SPECIAL ADMINISTRATIVE REGIONS OF HONG KONG AND MACAU.
Distributed on: 10/07/2018 14:27:07 GMT
7T2se3r0Ot6kwoPa
10 July 2018
Automobiles & Components
Great Wall Motor-A
Appendix 1
Important Disclosures
*Other information available upon request
Disclosure checklist
Company
Ticker
Recent price*
Disclosure
Great Wall Motor-A
601633.SS
9.12 (CNY) 10 Jul 2018
7, 14
*Prices are current as of the end of the previous trading session unless otherwise indicated and are sourced from local exchanges via Reuters, Bloomberg and other vendors .
Other information is sourced from Deutsche Bank, subject companies, and other sources. For disclosures pertaining to recommendations or estimates made on securities other than
the primary subject of this research, please see the most recently published company report or visit our global disclosure look-up page on our website at https://research.db.com/
Research/Disclosures/CompanySearch. Aside from within this report, important risk and conﬂict disclosures can also be found at https://research.db.com/Research/Topics/Equities?
topicId=RB0002. Investors are strongly encouraged to review this information before investing.
Important Disclosures Required by U.S. Regulators
Disclosures marked with an asterisk may also be required by at least one jurisdiction in addition to the United States.See
Important Disclosures Required by Non-US Regulators and Explanatory Notes.
7.
Deutsche Bank and/or its aﬃliate(s) has received compensation from this company for the provision of
investment banking or ﬁnancial advisory services within the past year.
14.
Deutsche Bank and/or its aﬃliate(s) has received non-investment banking related compensation from this
company within the past year.
Important Disclosures Required by Non-U.S. Regulators
Disclosures marked with an asterisk may also be required by at least one jurisdiction in addition to the United States.See
Important Disclosures Required by Non-US Regulators and Explanatory Notes.
7.
Deutsche Bank and/or its aﬃliate(s) has received compensation from this company for the provision of
investment banking or ﬁnancial advisory services within the past year.
For disclosures pertaining to recommendations or estimates made on securities other than the primary subject of this
research, please see the most recently published company report or visit our global disclosure look-up page on our website
at https://research.db.com/Research/Disclosures/CompanySearch
Analyst Certiﬁcation
The views expressed in this report accurately reﬂect the personal views of the undersigned lead analyst(s) about the
subject issuer and the securities of the issuer. In addition, the undersigned lead analyst(s) has not and will not receive any
compensation for providing a speciﬁc recommendation or view in this report. Vincent Ha
Page 2
Deutsche Bank AG/Hong Kong
10 July 2018
Automobiles & Components
Great Wall Motor-A
Historical recommendations and target price. Great Wall Motor-A (601633.SS)
(as of 07/09/2018)
Current Recommendations
Buy
Hold
Sell
Not Rated
Suspended Rating
** Analyst is no longer at
Deutsche Bank
Date
Security price
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10 1112
13
14
15 16
17
Jan '16
Jul '16
Jan '17
Jul '17
Jan '18
Jul '18
0.00
10.00
20.00
30.00
40.00
50.00
60.00
1.
07/13/2015
Hold, Target Price Change CNY 30.80 Vincent Ha, CFA
10. 01/08/2017
Sell, Target Price Change CNY 7.05 Vincent Ha, CFA
2.
08/06/2015
Downgraded to Sell, Target Price Change CNY 21.70
Vincent Ha, CFA
11. 02/06/2017
Sell, Target Price Change CNY 7.65 Vincent Ha, CFA
3.
08/30/2015
Sell, Target Price Change CNY 19.70 Vincent Ha, CFA
12. 02/20/2017
Sell, Target Price Change CNY 8.25 Vincent Ha, CFA
4.
09/30/2015
Sell, Target Price Change CNY 6.60 Vincent Ha, CFA
13. 06/21/2017
Sell, Target Price Change CNY 7.60 Vincent Ha, CFA
5.
10/25/2015
Sell, Target Price Change CNY 7.40 Vincent Ha, CFA
14. 08/25/2017
Sell, Target Price Change CNY 7.35 Vincent Ha, CFA
6.
11/27/2015
Sell, Target Price Change CNY 8.40 Vincent Ha, CFA
15. 10/27/2017
Sell, Target Price Change CNY 6.55 Vincent Ha, CFA
7.
01/28/2016
Sell, Target Price Change CNY 6.50 Vincent Ha, CFA
16. 11/30/2017
Sell, Target Price Change CNY 6.25 Vincent Ha, CFA
8.
08/08/2016
Sell, Target Price Change CNY 7.10 Vincent Ha, CFA
17. 03/25/2018
Sell, Target Price Change CNY 6.20 Vincent Ha, CFA
9.
11/24/2016
Sell, Target Price Change CNY 6.50 Vincent Ha, CFA
Equity Rating Key
Equity rating dispersion and banking relationships
Buy: Based on a current 12- month view of total share-holder
return (TSR = percentage change in share price from current
price to projected target price plus pro-jected dividend yield ) ,
we recommend that investors buy the stock.
Sell: Based on a current 12-month view of total share-holder
return, we recommend that investors sell the stock.
Hold: We take a neutral view on the stock 12-months out and,
based on this time horizon, do not recommend either a Buy
or Sell.
Newly issued research recommendations and target prices
supersede previously published research.
Deutsche Bank AG/Hong Kong
Page 3
10 July 2018
Automobiles & Components
Great Wall Motor-A
Additional Information
The information and opinions in this report were prepared by Deutsche Bank AG or one of its aﬃliates (collectively
"Deutsche Bank"). Though the information herein is believed to be reliable and has been obtained from public sources
believed to be reliable, Deutsche Bank makes no representation as to its accuracy or completeness. Hyperlinks to third-
party websites in this report are provided for reader convenience only. Deutsche Bank neither endorses the content nor
is responsible for the accuracy or security controls of those websites.
??
If you use the services of Deutsche Bank in connection with a purchase or sale of a security that is discussed in this report,
or is included or discussed in another communication (oral or written) from a Deutsche Bank analyst, Deutsche Bank may
act as principal for its own account or as agent for another person.
??
Deutsche Bank may consider this report in deciding to trade as principal. It may also engage in transactions, for its
own account or with customers, in a manner inconsistent with the views taken in this research report. Others within
Deutsche Bank, including strategists, sales staﬀ and other analysts, may take views that are inconsistent with those taken
in this research report. Deutsche Bank issues a variety of research products, including fundamental analysis, equity-linked
analysis, quantitative analysis and trade ideas. Recommendations contained in one type of communication may diﬀer
from recommendations contained in others, whether as a result of diﬀering time horizons, methodologies, perspectives
or otherwise. Deutsche Bank and/or its aﬃliates may also be holding debt or equity securities of the issuers it writes
on. Analysts are paid in part based on the proﬁtability of Deutsche Bank AG and its aﬃliates, which includes investment
banking, trading and principal trading revenues.
??
Opinions, estimates and projections constitute the current judgment of the author as of the date of this report. They do
not necessarily reﬂect the opinions of Deutsche Bank and are subject to change without notice. Deutsche Bank provides
liquidity for buyers and sellers of securities issued by the companies it covers. Deutsche Bank research analysts sometimes
have shorter-term trade ideas that may be inconsistent with Deutsche Bank's existing longer-term ratings. Some trade
ideas for equities are listed as Catalyst Calls on the Research Website ( https://research.db.com/Research/ ) , and can be
found on the general coverage list and also on the covered company ’ s page. A Catalyst Call represents a high-conviction
belief by an analyst that a stock will outperform or underperform the market and/or a speciﬁed sector over a time frame of
no less than two weeks and no more than three months. In addition to Catalyst Calls, analysts may occasionally discuss
with our clients, and with Deutsche Bank salespersons and traders, trading strategies or ideas that reference catalysts or
events that may have a near-term or medium-term impact on the market price of the securities discussed in this report,
which impact may be directionally counter to the analysts' current 12-month view of total return or investment return as
described herein. Deutsche Bank has no obligation to update, modify or amend this report or to otherwise notify a recipient
thereof if an opinion, forecast or estimate changes or becomes inaccurate. Coverage and the frequency of changes in
market conditions and in both general and company-speciﬁc economic prospects make it diﬃcult to update research at
deﬁned intervals. Updates are at the sole discretion of the coverage analyst or of the Research Department Management,
and the majority of reports are published at irregular intervals. This report is provided for informational purposes only and
does not take into account the particular investment objectives, ﬁnancial situations, or needs of individual clients. It is not
an oﬀer or a solicitation of an oﬀer to buy or sell any ﬁnancial instruments or to participate in any particular trading strategy.
Target prices are inherently imprecise and a product of the analyst ’ s judgment. The ﬁnancial instruments discussed
in this report may not be suitable for all investors, and investors must make their own informed investment decisions.
Prices and availability of ﬁnancial instruments are subject to change without notice, and investment transactions can lead
to losses as a result of price ﬂuctuations and other factors. If a ﬁnancial instrument is denominated in a currency other
than an investor's currency, a change in exchange rates may adversely aﬀect the investment. Past performance is not
necessarily indicative of future results. Performance calculations exclude transaction costs, unless otherwise indicated.
Unless otherwise indicated, prices are current as of the end of the previous trading session and are sourced from local
exchanges via Reuters, Bloomberg and other vendors. Data is also sourced from Deutsche Bank, subject companies, and
other parties.
??
The Deutsche Bank Research Department is independent of other business divisions of the Bank. Details regarding our
organizational arrangements and information barriers we have to prevent and avoid conﬂicts of interest with respect to
our research are available on our website ( https://research.db.com/Research/ ) under Disclaimer.
?
Page 4
Deutsche Bank AG/Hong Kong
10 July 2018
Automobiles & Components
Great Wall Motor-A
?
Macroeconomic ﬂuctuations often account for most of the risks associated with exposures to instruments that promise
to pay ﬁxed or variable interest rates. For an investor who is long ﬁxed-rate instruments (thus receiving these cash
ﬂows), increases in interest rates naturally lift the discount factors applied to the expected cash ﬂows and thus
cause a loss. The longer the maturity of a certain cash ﬂow and the higher the move in the discount factor, the
higher will be the loss. Upside surprises in inﬂation, ﬁscal funding needs, and FX depreciation rates are among the
most common adverse macroeconomic shocks to receivers. But counterparty exposure, issuer creditworthiness, client
segmentation, regulation (including changes in assets holding limits for diﬀerent types of investors), changes in tax
policies, currency convertibility (which may constrain currency conversion, repatriation of proﬁts and/or liquidation of
positions), and settlement issues related to local clearing houses are also important risk factors. The sensitivity of ﬁxed-
income instruments to macroeconomic shocks may be mitigated by indexing the contracted cash ﬂows to inﬂation, to
FX depreciation, or to speciﬁed interest rates – these are common in emerging markets. The index ﬁxings may – by
construction – lag or mis-measure the actual move in the underlying variables they are intended to track. The choice of
the proper ﬁxing (or metric) is particularly important in swaps markets, where ﬂoating coupon rates (i.e., coupons indexed
to a typically short-dated interest rate reference index) are exchanged for ﬁxed coupons. Funding in a currency that diﬀers
from the currency in which coupons are denominated carries FX risk. Options on swaps (swaptions) the risks typical to
options in addition to the risks related to rates movements.
??
Derivative transactions involve numerous risks including market, counterparty default and illiquidity risk. The
appropriateness of these products for use by investors depends on the investors' own circumstances, including their
tax position, their regulatory environment and the nature of their other assets and liabilities; as such, investors should
take expert legal and ﬁnancial advice before entering into any transaction similar to or inspired by the contents of this
publication. The risk of loss in futures trading and options, foreign or domestic, can be substantial. As a result of the
high degree of leverage obtainable in futures and options trading, losses may be incurred that are greater than the
amount of funds initially deposited – up to theoretically unlimited losses. Trading in options involves risk and is not
suitable for all investors. Prior to buying or selling an option, investors must review the "Characteristics and Risks of
Standardized Options”, at http://www.optionsclearing.com/about/publications/character-risks.jsp . If you are unable to
access the website, please contact your Deutsche Bank representative for a copy of this important document.
??
Participants in foreign exchange transactions may incur risks arising from several factors, including the following: (i)
exchange rates can be volatile and are subject to large ﬂuctuations; (ii) the value of currencies may be aﬀected by numerous
market factors, including world and national economic, political and regulatory events, events in equity and debt markets
and changes in interest rates; and (iii) currencies may be subject to devaluation or government-imposed exchange controls,
which could aﬀect the value of the currency. Investors in securities such as ADRs, whose values are aﬀected by the
currency of an underlying security, eﬀectively assume currency risk.
?
Unless governing law provides otherwise, all transactions should be executed through the Deutsche Bank entity in
the investor's home jurisdiction. Aside from within this report, important conﬂict disclosures can also be found at
https://research.db.com/Research/ on each company ’ s research page. Investors are strongly encouraged to review this
information before investing.
Deutsche Bank (which includes Deutsche Bank AG, its branches and aﬃliated companies) is not acting as a ﬁnancial
adviser, consultant or ﬁduciary to you or any of your agents (collectively, “You” or “Your”) with respect to any information
provided in this report. Deutsche Bank does not provide investment, legal, tax or accounting advice, Deutsche Bank is not
acting as your impartial adviser, and does not express any opinion or recommendation whatsoever as to any strategies,
products or any other information presented in the materials. Information contained herein is being provided solely on the
basis that the recipient will make an independent assessment of the merits of any investment decision, and it does not
constitute a recommendation of, or express an opinion on, any product or service or any trading strategy.
The information presented is general in nature and is not directed to retirement accounts or any speciﬁc person or account
type, and is therefore provided to You on the express basis that it is not advice, and You may not rely upon it in making
Your decision. The information we provide is being directed only to persons we believe to be ﬁnancially sophisticated,
who are capable of evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard to particular transactions
and investment strategies, and who understand that Deutsche Bank has ﬁnancial interests in the oﬀering of its products
Deutsche Bank AG/Hong Kong
Page 5
10 July 2018
Automobiles & Components
Great Wall Motor-A
and services. If this is not the case, or if You are an IRA or other retail investor receiving this directly from us, we ask
that you inform us immediately.
In July 2018, Deutsche Bank revised its rating system for short term ideas whereby the branding has been changed to
Catalyst Calls (“CC”) from SOLAR ideas; the rating categories for Catalyst Calls originated in the Americas region have
been made consistent with the categories used by Analysts globally; and the eﬀective time period for CCs has been
reduced from a maximum of 180 days to 90 days.
United States: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank Securities Incorporated, a member of FINRA, NFA and SIPC.
Analysts located outside of the United States are employed by non-US aﬃliates that are not subject to FINRA regulations.
??
Germany: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, a joint stock corporation with limited liability incorporated
in the Federal Republic of Germany with its principal oﬃce in Frankfurt am Main. Deutsche Bank AG is authorized under
German Banking Law and is subject to supervision by the European Central Bank and by BaFin, Germany ’ s Federal
Financial Supervisory Authority.
??
United Kingdom: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG acting through its London Branch at Winchester
House, 1 Great Winchester Street, London EC2N 2DB. Deutsche Bank AG in the United Kingdom is authorised by the
Prudential Regulation Authority and is subject to limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority and Financial
Conduct Authority. Details about the extent of our authorisation and regulation are available on request.
??
Hong Kong: Distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, Hong Kong Branch or Deutsche Securities Asia Limited (save that any
research relating to futures contracts within the meaning of the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Ordinance Cap. 571
shall be distributed solely by Deutsche Securities Asia Limited). The provisions set out above in the "Additional Information"
section shall apply to the fullest extent permissible by local laws and regulations, including without limitation the Code of
Conduct for Persons Licensed or Registered with the Securities and Futures Commission. .
??
India: Prepared by Deutsche Equities India Private Limited (DEIPL) having CIN: U65990MH2002PTC137431 and registered
oﬃce at 14th Floor, The Capital, C-70, G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex Mumbai (India) 400051. Tel: + 91 22 7180
4444. It is registered by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) as a Stock broker bearing registration
nos.: NSE (Capital Market Segment) - INB231196834, NSE (F&O Segment) INF231196834, NSE (Currency Derivatives
Segment) INE231196834, BSE (Capital Market Segment) INB011196830; Merchant Banker bearing SEBI Registration
no.: INM000010833 and Research Analyst bearing SEBI Registration no.: INH000001741. DEIPL may have received
administrative warnings from the SEBI for breaches of Indian regulations. The transmission of research through DEIPL
is Deutsche Bank's determination and will not make a recipient a client of DEIPL. Deutsche Bank and/or its aﬃliate(s)
may have debt holdings or positions in the subject company. With regard to information on associates, please refer to the
“Shareholdings” section in the Annual Report at: https://www.db.com/ir/en/annual-reports.htm .
??
Japan: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Securities Inc.(DSI). Registration number - Registered as a ﬁnancial
instruments dealer by the Head of the Kanto Local Finance Bureau (Kinsho) No. 117. Member of associations: JSDA, Type
II Financial Instruments Firms Association and The Financial Futures Association of Japan. Commissions and risks involved
in stock transactions - for stock transactions, we charge stock commissions and consumption tax by multiplying the
transaction amount by the commission rate agreed with each customer. Stock transactions can lead to losses as a result
of share price ﬂuctuations and other factors. Transactions in foreign stocks can lead to additional losses stemming from
foreign exchange ﬂuctuations. We may also charge commissions and fees for certain categories of investment advice,
products and services. Recommended investment strategies, products and services carry the risk of losses to principal
and other losses as a result of changes in market and/or economic trends, and/or ﬂuctuations in market value. Before
deciding on the purchase of ﬁnancial products and/or services, customers should carefully read the relevant disclosures,
prospectuses and other documentation. "Moody's", "Standard & Poor's", and "Fitch" mentioned in this report are not
registered credit rating agencies in Japan unless Japan or "Nippon" is speciﬁcally designated in the name of the entity.
Reports on Japanese listed companies not written by analysts of DSI are written by Deutsche Bank Group's analysts with
the coverage companies speciﬁed by DSI. Some of the foreign securities stated on this report are not disclosed according
to the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan. Target prices set by Deutsche Bank's equity analysts are based
on a 12-month forecast period..
??
Page 6
Deutsche Bank AG/Hong Kong
10 July 2018
Automobiles & Components
Great Wall Motor-A
Korea: Distributed by Deutsche Securities Korea Co.
??
South Africa: Deutsche Bank AG Johannesburg is incorporated in the Federal Republic of Germany (Branch Register
Number in South Africa: 1998/003298/10).
??
Singapore: This report is issued by Deutsche Bank AG, Singapore Branch or Deutsche Securities Asia Limited, Singapore
Branch (One Raﬄes Quay #18-00 South Tower Singapore 048583, +65 6423 8001), which may be contacted in respect
of any matters arising from, or in connection with, this report. Where this report is issued or promulgated by Deutsche
Bank in Singapore to a person who is not an accredited investor, expert investor or institutional investor (as deﬁned in the
applicable Singapore laws and regulations), they accept legal responsibility to such person for its contents.
??
Taiwan: Information on securities/investments that trade in Taiwan is for your reference only. Readers should
independently evaluate investment risks and are solely responsible for their investment decisions. Deutsche Bank research
may not be distributed to the Taiwan public media or quoted or used by the Taiwan public media without written consent.
Information on securities/instruments that do not trade in Taiwan is for informational purposes only and is not to be
construed as a recommendation to trade in such securities/instruments. Deutsche Securities Asia Limited, Taipei Branch
may not execute transactions for clients in these securities/instruments.
??
Qatar: Deutsche Bank AG in the Qatar Financial Centre (registered no. 00032) is regulated by the Qatar Financial Centre
Regulatory Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - QFC Branch may undertake only the ﬁnancial services activities that fall within
the scope of its existing QFCRA license. Its principal place of business in the QFC: Qatar Financial Centre, Tower, West
Bay, Level 5, PO Box 14928, Doha, Qatar. This information has been distributed by Deutsche Bank AG. Related ﬁnancial
products or services are only available only to Business Customers, as deﬁned by the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory
Authority.
??
Russia: The information, interpretation and opinions submitted herein are not in the context of, and do not constitute, any
appraisal or evaluation activity requiring a license in the Russian Federation.
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia: Deutsche Securities Saudi Arabia LLC Company (registered no. 07073-37) is regulated by the
Capital Market Authority. Deutsche Securities Saudi Arabia may undertake only the ﬁnancial services activities that fall
within the scope of its existing CMA license. Its principal place of business in Saudi Arabia: King Fahad Road, Al Olaya
District, P.O. Box 301809, Faisaliah Tower - 17th Floor, 11372 Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
??
United Arab Emirates: Deutsche Bank AG in the Dubai International Financial Centre (registered no. 00045) is regulated
by the Dubai Financial Services Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - DIFC Branch may only undertake the ﬁnancial services
activities that fall within the scope of its existing DFSA license. Principal place of business in the DIFC: Dubai International
Financial Centre, The Gate Village, Building 5, PO Box 504902, Dubai, U.A.E. This information has been distributed by
Deutsche Bank AG. Related ﬁnancial products or services are available only to Professional Clients, as deﬁned by the
Dubai Financial Services Authority.
??
Australia and New Zealand: This research is intended only for "wholesale clients" within the meaning of the
Australian Corporations Act and New Zealand Financial Advisors Act, respectively. Please refer to Australia-speciﬁc
research disclosures and related information at https://australia.db.com/australia/content/research-information.html
Where research refers to any particular ﬁnancial product recipients of the research should consider any product disclosure
statement, prospectus or other applicable disclosure document before making any decision about whether to acquire
the product. In preparing this report, the primary analyst or an individual who assisted in the preparation of this report
has likely been in contact with the company that is the subject of this research for conﬁrmation/clariﬁcation of data,
facts, statements, permission to use company-sourced material in the report, and/or site-visit attendance. Without prior
approval from Research Management, analysts may not accept from current or potential Banking clients the costs of
travel, accommodations, or other expenses incurred by analysts attending site visits, conferences, social events, and the
like. Similarly, without prior approval from Research Management and Anti-Bribery and Corruption (“ABC”) team, analysts
may not accept perks or other items of value for their personal use from issuers they cover.
??
Deutsche Bank AG/Hong Kong
Page 7
10 July 2018
Automobiles & Components
Great Wall Motor-A
Additional information relative to securities, other ﬁnancial products or issuers discussed in this report is available upon
request. This report may not be reproduced, distributed or published without Deutsche Bank's prior written consent.
Copyright © 2018 Deutsche Bank AG
Page 8
Deutsche Bank AG/Hong Kong
David Folkerts-Landau
Group Chief Economist and Global Head of Research
Raj Hindocha
Global Chief Operating Oﬃcer
Research
Michael Spencer
Head of APAC Research
Global Head of Economics
Steve Pollard
Head of Americas Research
Global Head of Equity Research
Anthony Klarman
Global Head of
Debt Research
Paul Reynolds
Head of EMEA
Equity Research
Dave Clark
Head of APAC
Equity Research
Pam Finelli
Global Head of
Equity Derivatives Research
Andreas Neubauer
Head of Research - Germany
Spyros Mesomeris
Global Head of Quantitative
and QIS Research
International Production Locations
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Bank Place
Level 16
Corner of Hunter & Phillip Streets
Sydney, NSW 2000
Australia
Tel: (61) 2 8258 1234
Deutsche Bank AG
Mainzer Landstrasse 11-17
60329 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
Tel: (49) 69 910 00
Deutsche Bank AG
Filiale Hongkong
International Commerce Centre,
1 Austin Road West,Kowloon,
Hong Kong
Tel: (852) 2203 8888
Deutsche Securities Inc.
2-11-1 Nagatacho
Sanno Park Tower
Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 100-6171
Japan
Tel: (81) 3 5156 6770
Deutsche Bank AG London
1 Great Winchester Street
London EC2N 2EQ
United Kingdom
Tel: (44) 20 7545 8000
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.
60 Wall Street
New York, NY 10005
United States of America
Tel: (1) 212 250 2500
