观点聚焦 Investment Focus
the disclaimer)
盐湖股份 Qinghai Salt Lake Industry (000792 CH)
主要产品销量增长，锂盐项目稳步推进
Sales of Main Products Increase the Lithium Salt Project is Advancing Steadily
维持优于大市Maintain OUTPERFORM
Rmb9165bn  US1258bn
日交易额 (3 个月均值)
US4954mn
1 年股价最高最低值
Rmb2625-Rmb1604
注：现价Rmb1687 为2023 年11 月10 日收盘价
资料来源： Factset
资料来源：公司信息 HTI
(Please see APPENDIX 1 for English summary)
 2023Q3 扣非后净利润460 亿元，同比下降8420%。公司2023Q3
实现营业收入5834 亿元，环比增长1115%，同比下降647%；归
母净利润502 亿元，环比下降8251%，同比下降8283%；扣非后
净利润460 亿元，环比下降8377%，同比下降8420%。公司前三
季度实现营业收入15790 亿元，同比下降3293%，归母净利润56
亿元，同比下降5365%，扣非后净利润5505 亿元，同比下降
5424%。公司营业收入下降主要由于钾肥及碳酸锂售价较上年同
期下降；净利润大幅下降主要由于公司将采矿权出让收益1897 亿
元全部计入当期成本费用，扣除所得税费用，影响当期归母净利
润1688 亿元，若不考虑该采矿权出让收益的影响，公司前三季度
实际归母净利润7288 亿元，2023Q3 归母净利润2190 亿元。
 主要产品销量增长。1）氯化钾：2023 年前三季度公司实现氯化
钾产量约34218 万吨，销量37631 万吨，销量同比增长63%；
2023Q3 氯化钾产量约13843 万吨，销量约16254 万吨，销量环
比增长8273%。2）碳酸锂：2023 年前三季度公司实现碳酸锂产
量约258 万吨，销量约283 万吨，销量同比增长1607%；
2023Q3 碳酸锂产量约117 万吨，同比增长3405%，销量约13 万
吨，同比增长4177%。
 4 万吨年基础锂盐一体化项目进展顺利。公司推进十四五生态
盐湖产业发展规划扩大锂 的战略落地，延伸锂产业链，在现有 3
万吨碳酸锂达产达标基础上，启动新建了 4 万吨年基础锂盐一体
化项目。截至2023 年三季报，公司该项目已完成所有立项审批手
续，获得环评批复、水土保持方案的行政审批及专项报告审查工
作，项目三通一平工作已完成，项目整体初步设计优化完善，可
进一步降低项目投资额，整体项目按照计划正常推进。
 挖掘镁、钠潜力，提升稀散元素价值。在镁钠产业上，公司积
极挖掘镁、钠 潜力，成立镁、钠资源开发工作专班，全力打通
技术工艺、研发产品，通过合作投资等推进镁盐、钠盐资源开发
和新能源新材料产业化发展。在稀散元素开发上，公司把握新能
源、新材料产业发展机遇，开展盐湖稀散元素的开发布局，引进
培育在盐湖稀散元素研究开发方面的技术、科研、企业等，加大
盐湖提溴、提铷、提铯等技术攻关，规划发展铯金属、铷金属等
 盈利预测与评级。由于主要产品价格下跌，我们下调对公司的盈
利预测。我们预计2023-25 年公司归母净利润分别为8868 亿元
（-2816%）、10848 亿元（-2063%）、11638 亿元(-1382 %)，
对应EPS 分别为163、200、214 元股。考虑到公司为行业龙
头，给予一定估值溢价，参考可比公司估值，给予公司2023 年13
倍PE，对应目标价2119 元（上次目标价2951 元，对应2023 年
13 倍PE，-2819%），维持优于大市评级。
 风险提示：项目建设进度不及预期、下游需求不及预期、产品价
格大幅波动、宏观经济下行。
盐湖股份 (000792 CH)
Source Wind HTI 股价为2023 年11 月10 日收盘价，每股收益均为WIND 一致预期
盐湖股份 (000792 CH)
资产负债表（百万元）
现金流量表（百万元）
备注：（1）表中计算估值指标的收盘价日期为2023 年11 月10 日；（2）以上各表均为简表
资料来源：公司年报（2022），海通国际
盐湖股份 (000792 CH)
APPENDIX 1
502 million yuan down 8251% QOQ and 8283% YOY recurring net profit of 460 million yuan down 8377% QOQ and
3293% YOY achieved the NPAtS of 56 billion yuan down 5365% YOY and achieved the recurring net profit of 5505
achieved the production of about 3421800 tons of potassium chloride and sales of 3763100 tons with sales volume
with sales volume of about 1625400 tons increasing by 8273% QOQ 2) Lithium carbonate In the first three quarters of
sales growth of 1607% YOY in 2023Q3 lithium carbonate production was about 11700 tons with a YOY growth of 3405%
and sales volume was about 13000 tons with a YOY growth of 4177%
expanding lithium in the 14th Five-Year Plan of ecological salt lake industry development plan extends lithium industry
chain and launches a new 40000 tonsyear basic lithium salt integration project on the basis of the existing 30000 tons of
leveling and the overall preliminary design of the project has been optimized and improved which can further reduce the
project investment amount the overall project proceeds in accordance with the plan to normal advancement
Tapping the potential of magnesium and sodium to enhance the value of rare elements In the magnesium and sodium
sodium resource development makes every effort to open up the technical process researches and develops the products
and promotes the development of magnesium and sodium salt resources and the industrialization of new energy and new
of the development of new energy and new materials industry carries out the development of the layout of the rare
elements of the salt lake introduces and cultivates the technology scientific research and enterprises in the RD of the
rare elements of the salt lake increases the salt lake bromine rubidium cesium and other technological research and
plans to develop the cesium metal rubidium metal and other high-value-added products
The earnings forecast and rating Due to the decrease in the prices of main products we lowered our earnings estimates
previous TP was Rmb2951 based on a FY23E PER of 13x -2819%) We maintain the OUTPERFORM rating
Risks The construction progress of lithium salt is lower than expected the prices of products fluctuate sharply the
downstream demand is lower than expectation and the macroeconomic downturn
APPENDIX 2
Environmental
公司所属各建设项目环境影响评价报告批复齐全，所属各单位均按照要求申请办理排污许可证，目前排污许可证均在有效期
内。公司大气治理设施主要有：布袋除尘、多管旋风除尘、水雾除尘、烟气湿法水膜除尘；污水处理设施有地埋式一体化污水
处理设施；所属各产废单位均建有危险废物贮存库，目前所有环保设施均正常运行，废气废水达标排放，危险废物合规贮存转
移。公司强化生态环境保护体系建设，现已建立生态环境保护责任体系、生态环境保护应急管理体系、生态环境保护考核管理
体系、生态环境保护检测体系等，为确保生态环境检测的高效性，并委托第三方检测单位对所属各单位统一开展生态环境检测
工作，实时掌握排放数据。
公司在实现高质量发展的同时，严格按照中央、省委省政府巩固脱贫攻坚成果、推进乡村振兴工作要求认真研究部署乡村振兴
各项工作，不断推进乡村振兴工作取得新成绩。一是印发盐湖股份公司2023 年度乡村振兴工作任务，进一步明确工作方
向、细化工作任务明确责任领导及工作要求。二是公司领导班子成员带队赴各联点村宣讲党的二十大精神、中央一号文件
精神，并赠送春耕化肥和开展调研慰问，向困难老党员、脱贫户、困难户发放慰问金21000 元。三是开展企业乡村党组织
结对共建活动，积极与联点帮扶村研究制定党组织共建实施方案，明确党组织共建思路及措施，采用组织召开座谈会、主
题党日、实地参观交流、入户慰问老党员等方式，并落实越冬煤炭费用18600 元、落实党建活动经费共计201000 元。四是公司
党委及海东市乐都区各派驻工作队收购粉条约7 万斤，收购金额约126 万元，促进农民增收与员工福利双提升。五是结合公司
2023 年度人力资源规划，将联点村建档立卡户 未就业毕业生纳入公司招聘范围，组织开展招聘工作。六是上浪卡村驻村工作队
通过开展工程帮扶项目、光卤石出矿工程帮扶项目等形成合作，为帮扶村搭建了长期稳定的就业平台，实现稳定务工就业，人
均月收入6000 元，实现由输血转变为造血。七是公司党委及时落实相关重点帮扶举措，为各联点帮扶村协调春耕肥料439
吨，价值1425 万余元，惠及近2000 户村民，为促进农业增产、农民增收提供了有力支撑。
Governance
公司持续完善治理结构，以公司章程为依托，构建权责法定、权责透明、协调运转、有效制衡的公司治理结构。健全上市
公司和控（参）股企业依法治理机制，坚决避免控股不控权、管理不到位等问题。加快设立合规委员会，优化依法决策机制，
确保每项决策于法有据、风险可控、稳妥可行，经得起实践和历史检验。发挥承包商和招投标 管理办公室作用，规范承包商管
理，梳理招投标程序，依纪依规按制度开展工作，严防工程项目、销售采购等领域风险漏洞。同时，公司加大风险管控和内部
审计监督力度，加强对市场、法律、政策、技术等环境影响因素分析，提高市场风险判断准确性。加强财税体检、风险评估、
内外部审计等整改，促进经营管理更加规范。做好风险前置管控，稳健运作理财投资，加强公司市值管理，牢牢守住不发生重
大风险的底线。细之又细抓好信访维稳，有力维护合法合理诉求，营造安全稳定生产经营环境。
IMPORTANT DISCLOSURES
This research report is distributed by Haitong International a global brand name for the equity research teams of Haitong International Research Limited (HTIRL) Haitong Securities India Private
Limited (HSIPL) Haitong International Japan KK (HTIJKK) Haitong International Securities Company Limited (HTISCL) and any other members within the Haitong International Securities
Group of Companies (HTISG) each authorized to engage in securities activities in its respective jurisdiction
我， 庄怀超，在此保证（i）本研究报告中的意见准确反映了我们对本研究中提及的任何或所有目标公司或上市公司的个人观点，并且（ii）我的报酬中没有任何部分与本研究报告中表
household whom I have already notified of this will not deal in or trade any securities in respect of the issuer that I review within 3 business days after the research report is published
利益冲突披露Conflict of Interest Disclosures
海通国际及其某些关联公司可从事投资银行业务和或对本研究中的特定股票或公司进行做市或持有自营头寸。就本研究报告而言，以下是有关该等关系的披露事项（以下披露不能保
评级定义（从2020 年7 月1 日开始执行）：
海通国际（以下简称HTI）采用相对评级系统来为投资者推荐我们覆盖的公
司：优于大市、中性或弱于大市。投资者应仔细阅读HTI 的评级定义。并且
策应基于各自情况（比如投资者的现有持仓）以及其他因素。
优于大市，未来12-18 个月内预期相对基准指数涨幅在10%以上，基准定义如
中性，未来12-18 个月内预期相对基准指数变化不大，基准定义如下。根据
FINRANYSE 的评级分布规则，我们会将中性评级划入持有这一类别。
弱于大市，未来12-18 个月内预期相对基准指数跌幅在10%以上，基准定义如
各地股票基准指数：日本  TOPIX 韩国  KOSPI 台湾  TAIEX 印度  Nifty100 美
国  SP500 其他所有中国概念股  MSCI China
Ratings Definitions (from 1 Jul 2020)
Haitong International uses a relative rating system using Outperform
investors Investors should carefully read the definitions of all ratings used
in Haitong International Research In addition since Haitong International
views investors should carefully read Haitong International Research in
its entirety and not infer the contents from the rating alone In any case
ratings (or research) should not be used or relied upon as investment
advice An investors decision to buy or sell a stock should depend on
individual circumstances (such as the investors existing holdings) and
other considerations
Analyst Stock Ratings
Outperform The stocks total return over the next 12-18 months is
expected to exceed the return of its relevant broad market benchmark as
评级分布Rating Distribution
indicated below
Neutral The stocks total return over the next 12-18 months is expected
to be in line with the return of its relevant broad market benchmark as
indicated below For purposes only of FINRANYSE ratings distribution
rules our Neutral rating falls into a hold rating category
Underperform The stocks total return over the next 12-18 months is
expected to be below the return of its relevant broad market benchmark
as indicated below
Benchmarks for each stocks listed region are as follows Japan  TOPIX
Korea  KOSPI Taiwan  TAIEX India  Nifty100 US  SP500 for all other
China-concept stocks  MSCI China
截至2023 年9 月30 日海通国际股票研究评级分布
在每个评级类别里投资银行客户所占的百分比。
上述分布中的买入，中性和卖出分别对应我们当前优于大市，中性和落后大市评级。
只有根据FINRANYSE 的评级分布规则，我们才将中性评级划入持有这一类别。请注意在上表中不包含非评级的股票。
此前的评级系统定义（直至2020 年6 月30 日）：
买入，未来12-18 个月内预期相对基准指数涨幅在10%以上，基准定义如下
中性，未来12-18 个月内预期相对基准指数变化不大，基准定义如下。根据FINRANYSE 的评级分布规则，我们会将中性评级划入持有这一类别。
卖出，未来12-18 个月内预期相对基准指数跌幅在10%以上，基准定义如下
各地股票基准指数：日本  TOPIX 韩国  KOSPI 台湾  TAIEX 印度  Nifty100 其他所有中国概念股  MSCI China
Haitong International Equity Research Ratings Distribution as of September 30 2023
HTI Equity Research Coverage
IB clients
Percentage of investment banking clients in each rating category
BUY Neutral and SELL in the above distribution correspond to our current ratings of Outperform Neutral and Underperform
For purposes only of FINRANYSE ratings distribution rules our Neutral rating falls into a hold rating category Please note that stocks with an NR designation are not included in the table above
Previous rating system definitions (until 30 Jun 2020)
BUY The stocks total return over the next 12-18 months is expected to exceed the return of its relevant broad market benchmark as indicated below
NEUTRAL The stocks total return over the next 12-18 months is expected to be in line with the return of its relevant broad market benchmark as indicated below For
purposes only of FINRANYSE ratings distribution rules our Neutral rating falls into a hold rating category
SELL The stocks total return over the next 12-18 months is expected to be below the return of its relevant broad market benchmark as indicated below
Benchmarks for each stocks listed region are as follows Japan  TOPIX Korea  KOSPI Taiwan  TAIEX India  Nifty100 for all other China-concept stocks  MSCI China
海通国际非评级研究：海通国际发布计量、筛选或短篇报告，并在报告中根据估值和其他指标对股票进行排名，或者基于可能的估值倍数提出建议价格。这种排名或建议价格并非为
了进行股票评级、提出目标价格或进行基本面估值，而仅供参考使用。
Haitong International Non-Rated Research  Haitong International publishes quantitative screening or short reports which may rank stocks according to valuation and other metrics or may
suggest prices based on possible valuation multiples Such rankings or suggested prices do not purport to be stock ratings or target prices or fundamental values and are for information only
Haitong International Coverage of A-Shares  Haitong International may cover and rate A-Shares that are subject to the Hong Kong Stock Connect scheme with Shanghai and Shenzhen Haitong
rating system employed by HS differs from that used by HTI and as a result there may be a difference in the HTI and HS ratings for the same A-share stocks
股团队自下而上的研究。海通国际每季对Q100 指数成分作出复审。
Haitong International Quality 100 A-share (Q100) Index  HTIs Q100 Index is a quant product that consists of 100 of the highest-quality A-shares under coverage at HS in Shanghai These stocks
quarterly
盟浪义利（FIN-ESG）数据通免责声明条款：在使用盟浪义利（FIN-ESG）数据之前，请务必仔细阅读本条款并同意本声明：
第一条 义利（FIN-ESG）数据系由盟浪可持续数字科技有限责任公司（以下简称本公司）基于合法取得的公开信息评估而成，本公司对信息的准确性及完整性不作任何保证。对公司
的评估结果仅供参考，并不构成对任何个人或机构投资建议，也不能作为任何个人或机构购买、出售或持有相关金融产品的依据。本公司不对任何个人或机构投资者因使用本数据表
述的评估结果造成的任何直接或间接损失负责。
第二条 盟浪并不因收到此评估数据而将收件人视为客户，收件人使用此数据时应根据自身实际情况作出自我独立判断。本数据所载内容反映的是盟浪在最初发布本数据日期当日的判
断，盟浪有权在不发出通知的情况下更新、修订与发出其他与本数据所载内容不一致或有不同结论的数据。除非另行说明，本数据（如财务业绩数据等）仅代表过往表现，过往的业
绩表现不作为日后回报的预测。
第三条 本数据版权归本公司所有，本公司依法保留各项权利。未经本公司事先书面许可授权，任何个人或机构不得将本数据中的评估结果用于任何营利性目的，不得对本数据进行修
改、复制、编译、汇编、再次编辑、改编、删减、缩写、节选、发行、出租、展览、表演、放映、广播、信息网络传播、摄制、增加图标及说明等，否则因此给盟浪或其他第三方造
成损失的，由用户承担相应的赔偿责任，盟浪不承担责任。
第四条 如本免责声明未约定，而盟浪网站平台载明的其他协议内容（如盟浪网站用户注册协议盟浪网用户服务（含认证）协议盟浪网隐私政策等）有约定的，则按其他
协议的约定执行；若本免责声明与其他协议约定存在冲突或不一致的，则以本免责声明约定为准。
SusallWave FIN-ESG Data Service Disclaimer Please read these terms and conditions below carefully and confirm your agreement and acceptance with these terms before using SusallWave FIN-
ESG Data Service
FIN-ESG Data is produced by SusallWave Digital Technology Co Ltd (In short SusallWave)s assessment based on legal publicly accessible information SusallWave shall not be responsible
purchasing selling or holding any relative financial products We will not be liable for any direct or indirect loss of any individual or institution as a result of using SusallWave FIN-ESG Data
SusallWave do not consider recipients as customers for receiving these data When using the data recipients shall make your own independent judgment according to your practical
individual status The contents of the data reflect the judgment of us only on the release day We have right to update and amend the data and release other data that contains inconsistent
contents or different conclusions without notification Unless expressly stated the data (eg financial performance data) represents past performance only and the past performance cannot be
viewed as the prediction of future return
deletion abbreviation excerpts issuance rent exhibition performance projection broadcast information network transmission shooting adding icons and instructions If any loss of
If any term is not contained in this disclaimer but written in other agreements on our website (eg User Registration Protocol of SusallWave Website User Service (including authentication)
Agreement of SusallWave Website Privacy Policy of Susallwave Website) it should be executed according to other agreements If there is any difference between this disclaim and other
agreements this disclaimer shall be applied
行，包括制作及发布涵盖BSE Limited（BSE）和National Stock Exchange of India Limited（NSE）上市公司（统称为印度交易所）的研究报告。HTSIPL 于2016 年12 月22 日被收
声明或保证。本文件中所有观点均截至本报告日期，如有更改，恕不另行通知。本文件仅供参考使用。文件中提及的任何公司或其股票的说明并非意图展示完整的内容，本文件并非
可能会对投资产生不利影响。过去的表现并不一定代表将来的结果。某些特定交易，包括设计金融衍生工具的，有产生重大风险的可能性，因此并不适合所有的投资者。您还应认识到
其他方面的专业顾问，以期在投资之前评估该项建议是否适合于您。若由于使用本文件所载的材料而产生任何直接或间接的损失，HTISG 及其董事、雇员或代理人对此均不承担任何责
HTISG 的销售员、交易员和其他专业人士均可向HTISG 的相关客户和公司提供与本文件所述意见相反的口头或书面市场评论意见或交易策略。HTISG 可做出与本文件所述建议或意见不
一致的投资决策。但HTIRL 没有义务来确保本文件的收件人了解到该等交易决定、思路或建议。
For research reports on non-Indian securities The research report is issued by Haitong International Research Limited (HTIRL) a wholly owned subsidiary of Haitong International Securities
Group Limited (HTISGL) and a licensed corporation to carry on Type 4 regulated activity (advising on securities) for the purpose of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap 571) of Hong Kong
with the assistance of Haitong International (Japan) KK (HTIJKK) a wholly owned subsidiary of HTISGL and which is regulated as an Investment Adviser by the Kanto Finance Bureau of Japan
(SEBI) registered Stock Broker Merchant Banker and Research Analyst that inter alia produces and distributes research reports covering listed entities on the BSE Limited (BSE) and the
National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE) (collectively referred to as Indian Exchanges) HSIPL was acquired and became part of the Haitong International Securities Group of Companies
(HTISG) on 22 December 2016
All the research reports are globally branded under the name Haitong International and approved for distribution by Haitong International Securities Company Limited (HTISCL) andor any other
members within HTISG in their respective jurisdictions
securities referred to in this research report may not be eligible for purchase or sale in some jurisdictions If an investment product is denominated in a currency other than an investors home
currency a change in exchange rates may adversely affect the investment Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results Certain transactions including those involving
not taken into account your unique financial circumstances such as your financial situation and risk appetite You must therefore analyze and should where applicable consult your own legal
accepts any liability whatsoever for any direct or consequential loss arising from any use of the materials contained in this research report
HTISG and our affiliates officers directors and employees excluding the analysts responsible for the content of this document will from time to time have long or short positions in act as
interest with respect to Research
Non US Analyst Disclosure  The HTI analyst(s) listed on the cover of this Research is (are) not registered or qualified as a  research analyst with FINRA and are not subject to US FINRA Rule 2241
期货事务监察委员会的审查。您不应仅根据本研究报告中所载的信息做出投资决定。本研究报告的收件人就研究报告中产生或与之相关的任何事宜请联系HTISCL 销售人员。
美国投资者的通知事项：本研究报告由HTIRL，HSIPL 或HTIJKK 编写。 HTIRL，HSIPL，HTIJKK 以及任何非HTISG 美国联营公司，均未在美国注册，因此不受美国关于研究报告编制和研
资者（US Institutional Investors）。在向美国机构投资者分发研究报告时，Haitong International Securities (USA) Inc （HTI USA） 将对报告的内容负责。任何收到本研究报告的美
（212）351-6050。 HTI USA 是在美国于US Securities and Exchange Commission（SEC）注册的经纪商，也是Financial Industry Regulatory Authority Inc（FINRA）的成员。 HTIUSA 不
Haitong International Securities (USA) Inc
340 Madison Avenue 12th Floor
New York NY 10173
DISTRIBUTION AND REGIONAL NOTICES
Except as otherwise indicated below any Recipient wishing to discuss this research report or effect any transaction in any security discussed in HTIs research should contact the Haitong
International salesperson in their own country or region
Notice to Hong Kong investors The research report is distributed by Haitong International Securities Company Limited (HTISCL) which is a licensed corporation to carry on Type 1 regulated
activity (dealing in securities) in Hong Kong This research report does not constitute a solicitation or an offer of securities or an invitation to the public within the meaning of the SFO This research
report is only to be circulated to Professional Investors as defined in the SFO This research report has not been reviewed by the Securities and Futures Commission You should not make
investment decisions solely on the basis of the information contained in this research report Recipients of this research report are to contact HTISCL salespersons in respect of any matters arising
from or in connection with the research report
Notice to US investors As described above this research report was prepared by HTIRL HSIPL or HTIJKK Neither HTIRL HSIPL HTIJKK nor any of the non US HTISG affiliates is registered in the
United States and therefore is not subject to US rules regarding the preparation of research reports and the independence of research analysts  This research report is provided for distribution
to major US institutional investors and US institutional investors in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Rule 15a-6 of the US Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as
amended When distributing research reports to US institutional investors HTI USA will accept the responsibilities for the content of the reports  Any US recipient of this research report
wishing to effect any transaction to buy or sell securities or related financial instruments based on the information provided in this research report should do so only through Haitong International
Securities (USA) Inc (HTI USA) located at 340 Madison Avenue 12th Floor New York NY 10173 USA telephone (212) 351 6050  HTI USA is a broker-dealer registered in the US with the US
Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) and a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority Inc (FINRA)  HTI USA is not responsible for the preparation of this research report
nor for the analysis contained therein  Under no circumstances should any US recipient of this research report contact the analyst directly or effect any transaction to buy or sell securities or
related financial instruments directly through HSIPL HTIRL or HTIJKK  The HSIPL HTIRL or HTIJKK analyst(s) whose name appears in this research report is not registered or qualified as a research
analyst account  Investing in any non-US securities or related financial instruments (including ADRs) discussed in this research report may present certain risks  The securities of non-US issuers
instruments discussed in this research report denominated in a currency other than US dollars is subject to exchange rate fluctuations that may have a positive or adverse effect on the value of or
Haitong International Securities (USA) Inc
340 Madison Avenue 12th Floor
New York NY 10173
Attn  Sales Desk at (212) 351 6050
中华人民共和国的通知事项：在中华人民共和国（下称中国，就本报告目的而言，不包括香港特别行政区、澳门特别行政区和台湾）只有根据适用的中国法律法规而收到该材料的人
103 Registration Requirements Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations（NI 31-103）的规定得到国际交易商豁免（International Dealer Exemption ）的交易商，位于艾伯
National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions 第11 节或者Securities Act (Ontario)第733(1)节所规定的认可投资者（Accredited Investor），或者在适用情况下National
Instrument 31-103 第11 节所规定的许可投资者（Permitted Investor）。
新加坡投资者的通知事项：本研究报告由Haitong International Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd（HTISSPL）公司注册编号201311400G 于新加坡提供。HTISSPL 是符合财务顾问法
问题，本研究报告的收件人应通过以下信息与HTISSPL 联系：
Haitong International Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd
50 Raffles Place 33-03 Singapore Land Tower Singapore 048623
（1）条，第17-11（1）条的执行及相关条款）。
相关的投资行为只面对此类专业客户。没有投资经验或相关投资经验的客户不得依赖本报告。Haitong International Securities Company Limited 的分支机构的净长期或短期金融权益可能
超过本研究报告中提及的实体已发行股本总额的05。特别提醒有些英文报告有可能此前已经通过中文或其它语言完成发布。
澳大利亚投资者的通知事项：Haitong International Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd Haitong International Securities Company Limited 和Haitong International Securities (UK) Limited 分别根据澳
等法律与在澳大利亚所适用的法律存在差异。
发布，包括制作及发布涵盖BSE Limited（BSE）和National Stock Exchange of India Limited（NSE）（统称为印度交易所）研究报告。
研究机构名称 Haitong Securities India Private Limited
841 Senapati Bapat Marg Elphinstone Road Mumbai 400 013 India
请注意，SEBI 授予的注册和 NISM 的认证并不保证中介的表现或为投资者提供任何回报保证。
本项研究仅供收件人使用，未经海通国际的书面同意不得予以复制和再次分发。
Peoples Republic of China (PRC) In the PRC the research report is directed for the sole use of those who receive the research report in accordance with the applicable PRC laws and regulations
Further the information on the research report does not constitute production and business activities in the PRC under relevant PRC laws This research report does not constitute a public offer
of the security whether by sale or subscription in the PRC Further no legal or natural persons of the PRC may directly or indirectly purchase any of the security or any beneficial interest therein
these restrictions
Notice to Canadian Investors Under no circumstances is this research report to be construed as an offer to sell securities or as a solicitation of an offer to buy securities in any jurisdiction of
Canada Any offer or sale of the securities described herein in Canada will be made only under an exemption from the requirements to file a prospectus with the relevant Canadian securities
regulators and only by Haitong International Securities (USA) Inc a dealer relying on the international dealer exemption under National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements
Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations (NI 31-103) in Alberta British Columbia Ontario and Quebec This research report is not and under no circumstances should be construed as a
way passed upon this research report the information contained herein or the merits of the securities described herein and any representation to the contrary is an offence Upon receipt of this
research report each Canadian recipient will be deemed to have represented that the investor is an accredited investor as such term is defined in section 11 of National Instrument 45-106
Prospectus Exemptions or in Ontario in section 733(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario) as applicable and a permitted client as such term is defined in section 11 of NI 31-103 respectively
Notice to Singapore investors This research report is provided in Singapore by or through Haitong International Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd (HTISSPL) Co Reg No 201311400G HTISSPL is an
Exempt Financial Adviser under the Financial Advisers Act (Cap 110) (FAA) to (a) advise on securities units in a collective investment scheme exchange-traded derivatives contracts and over-
the-counter derivatives contracts and (b) issue or promulgate research analyses or research reports on securities exchange-traded derivatives contracts and over-the-counter derivatives contracts
This research report is only provided to institutional investors within the meaning of Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act (Cap 289) Recipients of this research report are to contact
HTISSPL via the details below in respect of any matters arising from or in connection with the research report
Haitong International Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd
10 Collyer Quay 19-01 - 19-05 Ocean Financial Centre Singapore 049315
Telephone (65) 6536 1920
Notice to Japanese investors This research report is distributed by Haitong International Securities Company Limited and intended to be distributed to Financial Services Providers or Registered
Financial Institutions engaged in investment management (as defined in the Japan Financial Instruments and Exchange Act (FIEL) Art 61(1) Order for Enforcement of FIEL Art 17-11(1) and
related articles)
Notice to UK and European Union investors This research report is distributed by Haitong International Securities Company Limited This research is directed at persons having professional
experience in matters relating to investments Any investment or investment activity to which this research relates is available only to such persons or will be engaged in only with such persons
Persons who do not have professional experience in matters relating to investments should not rely on this research  Haitong International Securities Company Limiteds affiliates may have a net
long or short financial interest in excess of 05% of the total issued share capital of the entities mentioned in this research report  Please be aware that any report in English may have been
published previously in Chinese or another language
Notice to Australian investors The research report is distributed in Australia by Haitong International Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd Haitong International Securities Company Limited and Haitong
International Securities (UK) Limited in reliance on ASIC Corporations (Repeal and Transitional) Instrument 2016396 which exempts those HTISG entities from the requirement to hold an
Australian financial services license under the Corporations Act 2001 in respect of the financial services it provides to wholesale clients in Australia  A copy of the ASIC Class Orders may be
and Haitong International Securities (UK) Limited are regulated under foreign laws and regulatory requirements which are different from the laws applying in Australia
registered Stock Broker Merchant Banker and Research Analyst that inter alia produces and distributes research reports covering listed entities on the BSE Limited (BSE) and the National Stock
Exchange of India Limited (NSE) (collectively referred to as Indian Exchanges)
Name of the entity Haitong Securities India Private Limited
SEBI Research Analyst Registration Number INH000002590
Address  1203A Floor 12A Tower 2A One World Center
841 Senapati Bapat Marg Elphinstone Road Mumbai 400 013 India
Please note that Registration granted by SEBI and Certification from NISM in no way guarantee performance of the intermediary or provide any assurance of returns to investors
This research report is intended for the recipients only and may not be reproduced or redistributed without the written consent of an authorized signatory of HTISG
Copyright Haitong International Securities Group Limited 2019 All rights reserved
Source Company data Bloomberg HTI estimates