观点聚焦 Investment Focus
disclaimer)
东鹏饮料 Eastroc Beverage (605499 CH)
上半年营收稳健快速成长，单二季度利润表现亮眼
Steady Growth in 1H22 Top Line and 2Q Outperformed in Bottom Line
维持优于大市Maintain OUTPERFORM
Rmb6201bn  US913bn
日交易额 (3 个月均值)
US1960mn
1 年股价最高最低值
注：现价Rmb15501 为2022 年8 月17 日收盘价
资料来源： Factset
资料来源：公司信息 HTI
(Please see APPENDIX 1 for English summary)
 事件：公司披露2022 年中报。2022 年上半年公司实现营收
4291 亿元（YOY1654% ），实现归母净利润755 亿元
（YOY1166% ）。此外，22Q2
（YOY1592%），实现归母净利润410 亿元（YOY2277%）。
 上半年营收稳健快速成长，单二季度利润表现亮眼。22H1 来
看，营收毛利端，受益于公司持续推进全国化战略，品牌影响
力及市场占有率进一步提升，公司营收同比增长1654%，但受
大宗原材料聚酯切片价格上涨导致影响，毛利率同比降低
70pct，因此毛利额仅同比增长012%，不过受益于期间费用率
同比降低533pct（主要系销售费用降低531pct，管理费用率同
比降低054pct），因此最终归母净利润率同比降低077pct，对
应最终归母净利润为755 亿元（YOY1166%）。
 22Q2 单独来看，营收毛利端，公司营收同比增长1592%，基本
继续维持Q1 成长势能，但受毛利率同比降低76pct 影响（据
wind 数据统计，2022 年1-6 月聚酯切片价格同比增长3343%，
其中22Q1 同比增长3006%，22Q2 同比增长3662%，较22Q1
进一步加速向上），因此毛利额同比降低17%。此外受益于期
间费用率同比降低81pct（其中主要系销售费用率同比降低
75pct），因此归母净利润率同比增长10pct，对应最终归母净
利润为410 亿（YOY2277%）。
 东鹏特饮系列继续快速成长，咖啡等新品表现亮眼。公司成功
塑造了广大消费者认可的品牌东鹏特饮，并积极围绕能量饮
料进行创新升级，不断丰富东鹏能量产品矩阵。2022H1 年公
司东鹏特饮营收同比增长1816%，而其他饮料营收则同比下降
1134%，此外22Q2 东鹏特饮同比增长2019%，其他饮料营收同
比降低4168%。
 （1）东鹏特饮产品方面，作为公司的核心产品，东鹏特饮营收
占比超过95%。目前公司有6 种包装规格——500ml 金瓶特饮、
250ml 金瓶特饮、250ml 金罐特饮、335ml 金罐特饮、250ml 金
砖特饮和250ml 金钻特饮。其中500ml 金瓶特饮上市后迅速获
得消费者青睐，销售收入从2017 年到2021 年复合年增长率达
到20308%，带动公司的销售收入和净利润稳定增长。
东鹏饮料 (605499 CH)
（2）其他饮料产品方面，东鹏大咖2022 年上半年月度平均销售额较2021 年9 月份
上市后月度平均销售额增长约3906%；东鹏天然水2022 年上半年销售收入较2021
年上半年同比增长4750%。此外2022 年5 月公司以东鹏特饮的经典口味结合轻度
碳酸化推出东鹏气泡特饮新品。
未来公司将挖掘更多熬夜加班、运动健身、学习备考等疲劳、困乏的消费场景，
满足目标人群不断延展的消费场景和不断增长的消费需求；紧跟个性化、健康化等
趋势，积极布局咖啡饮料、运动能量饮料、无糖茶饮料等领域。我们认为，一方面
东鹏特饮系列大单品表现持续亮眼，为公司发展奠定良好基本盘，另一方面随着公
司能量饮料新品、咖啡新品的不断成长，将有望形成公司第二成长曲线，进一步打
全国化持续推进顺利，非广东市场高速成长，未来空白市场潜力依然巨大。1）在
传统强势的广东区域，公司继续实行全渠道精耕、拓宽消费群体，细化乡镇市场、
产品全系列覆盖的策略。2022 H1 广东区域实现销售收入1648 亿元（与去年同期基
本持平）。2）在广东之外区域，公司全国营销本部继续完善、搭建经销商、批发
商、邮差的销售体系，在空白市场采取大流通模式，在成熟市场采取全渠道精耕模
式，因此2022 H1 全国区域实现销售收入 2218 亿元，同比增长 3463%。此外进一
步分区域来看，2022 年上半年公司非华南区域继续保持高增长——华东地区销售额
同比增长4638%，西南地区同比增长4506%，华中地区同比增长2715%。我们认
为，公司全国市场仍有较多空白网点，广东省以外市场发展潜力依然巨大，随着全
国化战略推进，以及品牌势能持续提升，看好公司未来在全国其他市场继续复制广
终端网点数继续快速增加，冰柜投放持续强化。2022 年上半年随着全国化布局的推
进，公司网点数和经销商数继续保持快速增长—— 其中合作经销商数量从
20211231 的2312 家增加至2022630 的2590 家（增长比例达1202%），终端网
点数量从209 万家增加至250 万家（增长比例达1962%）。此外公司持续加强在渠
道端的冰柜投放，拓宽铺货面，增强产品的曝光率和终端动销。截至2022630 公
司一共投放约74 万台冰柜，未来公司将根据市场情况持续投放冰柜。我们认为公
司渠道广度深度建设不断完善，以及不断全渠道布局触达消费者，为全国化发展腾
飞打下了夯实的基础，看好公司后续渠道能力继续不断提升。
盈利预测与投资建议。我们维持预计2022-2024 年公司营业收入分别为
85731115013991 亿元，归母净利润分别为129617042194 亿元，维持EPS 分
别为324426548 元股。结合可比公司估值情况，考虑到公司的业绩成长性，维
持公司2022 年50 倍的PE 估值，目标价16200 元股不变，维持优于大市评级。
风险提示。（1）食品安全风险，（2）市场竞争加剧，（3）新渠道、新市场拓展
表 1 可比上市公司估值表（2022 年预测PE，倍）
PE（倍，2022E）
平均PE（倍，2022E）
资料来源：Wind，HTI
备注：按2022 年08 月17 日收盘价计算（以上均来自Wind 一致预测）
东鹏饮料 (605499 CH)
资产负债表（百万元）
现金流量表（百万元）
备注：（1）表中计算估值指标的收盘价日期为08 月18 日；（2）以上各表均为简表
资料来源：公司年报（2021），HTI
东鹏饮料 (605499 CH)
APPENDIX 1
English Summary
(yoy1654%) and a net profit attributable to the parent of 755 million yuan (yoy1166%) In addition 22Q2 realized a revenue of
2285 billion yuan (yoy1592%) and a net profit attributable to the parent of 410 million yuan (yoy2277%)
We think that on one hand Eastroc special drink series has continued to perform brilliantly laying a good foundation for the
We maintain our 2022-24 revenue estimate of Rmb8573115013991 billion and net earnings estimate of
Rmb129617042194 billion with corresponding EPS of Rmb324426548 respectively Our target price of Rmb162 is still on
50x 2022 PER and the OUTPERFORM rating remains
IMPORTANT DISCLOSURES
This research report is distributed by Haitong International a global brand name for the equity research teams of Haitong International Research Limited (HTIRL) Haitong Securities India Private
Limited (HSIPL) Haitong International Japan KK (HTIJKK) Haitong International Securities Company Limited (HTISCL) and any other members within the Haitong International Securities Group
of Companies (HTISG) each authorized to engage in securities activities in its respective jurisdiction
我， 颜慧菁，在此保证（i）本研究报告中的意见准确反映了我们对本研究中提及的任何或所有目标公司或上市公司的个人观点，并且（ii）我的报酬中没有任何部分与本研究报告中表
我， 吴岱禹，在此保证（i）本研究报告中的意见准确反映了我们对本研究中提及的任何或所有目标公司或上市公司的个人观点，并且（ii）我的报酬中没有任何部分与本研究报告中表
利益冲突披露Conflict of Interest Disclosures
海通国际及其某些关联公司可从事投资银行业务和或对本研究中的特定股票或公司进行做市或持有自营头寸。就本研究报告而言，以下是有关该等关系的披露事项（以下披露不能保
农夫山泉杭州千岛湖饮用水有限公司 and 农夫山泉浙江千岛湖有限公司 iswas a client of Haitong currently or within the past 12 months The client has been provided for non-investment-
banking securities-related services
Haitong acts as a market maker or liquidity provider in the securities of 9633HK
评级定义（从2020 年7 月1 日开始执行）：
海通国际（以下简称HTI）采用相对评级系统来为投资者推荐我们覆盖的公
司：优于大市、中性或弱于大市。投资者应仔细阅读HTI 的评级定义。并且HTI
基于各自情况（比如投资者的现有持仓）以及其他因素。
优于大市，未来12-18 个月内预期相对基准指数涨幅在10%以上，基准定义如
中性，未来12-18 个月内预期相对基准指数变化不大，基准定义如下。根据
FINRANYSE 的评级分布规则，我们会将中性评级划入持有这一类别。
弱于大市，未来12-18 个月内预期相对基准指数跌幅在10%以上，基准定义如
各地股票基准指数：日本  TOPIX 韩国  KOSPI 台湾  TAIEX 印度  Nifty100 美
国  SP500 其他所有中国概念股  MSCI China
Ratings Definitions (from 1 Jul 2020)
Haitong International uses a relative rating system using Outperform
investors Investors should carefully read the definitions of all ratings used
in Haitong International Research In addition since Haitong International
views investors should carefully read Haitong International Research in its
entirety and not infer the contents from the rating alone In any case
ratings (or research) should not be used or relied upon as investment
advice An investors decision to buy or sell a stock should depend on
individual circumstances (such as the investors existing holdings) and other
considerations
Analyst Stock Ratings
Outperform The stocks total return over the next 12-18 months is
expected to exceed the return of its relevant broad market benchmark as
indicated below
Neutral The stocks total return over the next 12-18 months is expected to
be in line with the return of its relevant broad market benchmark as
indicated below For purposes only of FINRANYSE ratings distribution
rules our Neutral rating falls into a hold rating category
Underperform The stocks total return over the next 12-18 months is
expected to be below the return of its relevant broad market benchmark
as indicated below
Benchmarks for each stocks listed region are as follows Japan  TOPIX
Korea  KOSPI Taiwan  TAIEX India  Nifty100 US  SP500 for all other
China-concept stocks  MSCI China
评级分布Rating Distribution
截至2022 年6 月30 日海通国际股票研究评级分布
在每个评级类别里投资银行客户所占的百分比。
上述分布中的买入，中性和卖出分别对应我们当前优于大市，中性和落后大市评级。
只有根据FINRANYSE 的评级分布规则，我们才将中性评级划入持有这一类别。请注意在上表中不包含非评级的股票。
此前的评级系统定义（直至2020 年6 月30 日）：
买入，未来12-18 个月内预期相对基准指数涨幅在10%以上，基准定义如下
中性，未来12-18 个月内预期相对基准指数变化不大，基准定义如下。根据FINRANYSE 的评级分布规则，我们会将中性评级划入持有这一类别。
卖出，未来12-18 个月内预期相对基准指数跌幅在10%以上，基准定义如下
各地股票基准指数：日本  TOPIX 韩国  KOSPI 台湾  TAIEX 印度  Nifty100 其他所有中国概念股  MSCI China
Haitong International Equity Research Ratings Distribution as of Jun 30 2022
HTI Equity Research Coverage
IB clients
Percentage of investment banking clients in each rating category
BUY Neutral and SELL in the above distribution correspond to our current ratings of Outperform Neutral and Underperform
For purposes only of FINRANYSE ratings distribution rules our Neutral rating falls into a hold rating category Please note that stocks with an NR designation are not included in the table above
Previous rating system definitions (until 30 Jun 2020)
BUY The stocks total return over the next 12-18 months is expected to exceed the return of its relevant broad market benchmark as indicated below
NEUTRAL The stocks total return over the next 12-18 months is expected to be in line with the return of its relevant broad market benchmark as indicated below For purposes
only of FINRANYSE ratings distribution rules our Neutral rating falls into a hold rating category
SELL The stocks total return over the next 12-18 months is expected to be below the return of its relevant broad market benchmark as indicated below
Benchmarks for each stocks listed region are as follows Japan  TOPIX Korea  KOSPI Taiwan  TAIEX India  Nifty100 for all other China-concept stocks  MSCI China
海通国际非评级研究：海通国际发布计量、筛选或短篇报告，并在报告中根据估值和其他指标对股票进行排名，或者基于可能的估值倍数提出建议价格。这种排名或建议价格并非为
了进行股票评级、提出目标价格或进行基本面估值，而仅供参考使用。
Haitong International Non-Rated Research  Haitong International publishes quantitative screening or short reports which may rank stocks according to valuation and other metrics or may suggest
prices based on possible valuation multiples Such rankings or suggested prices do not purport to be stock ratings or target prices or fundamental values and are for information only
Haitong International Coverage of A-Shares  Haitong International may cover and rate A-Shares that are subject to the Hong Kong Stock Connect scheme with Shanghai and Shenzhen Haitong
system employed by HS differs from that used by HTI and as a result there may be a difference in the HTI and HS ratings for the same A-share stocks
股团队自下而上的研究。海通国际每季对Q100 指数成分作出复审。
Haitong International Quality 100 A-share (Q100) Index  HTIs Q100 Index is a quant product that consists of 100 of the highest-quality A-shares under coverage at HS in Shanghai These stocks are
MSCI ESG 评级免责声明条款：尽管海通国际的信息供货商（包括但不限于MSCI ESG Research LLC 及其联属公司（ESG 方）从其认为可靠的来源获取信息（信息） ESG 方均不
担保或保证此处任何数据的原创性，准确性和或完整性，并明确表示不作出任何明示或默示的担保，包括可商售性和针对特定目的的适用性。该信息只能供阁下内部使用，不得以任
能造成的损害 ESG 方均不承担与此处任何资料有关的任何错误或遗漏所引起的任何责任，也不对任何直接、间接、特殊、惩罚性、附带性或任何其他损害赔偿（包括利润损失）承担
MSCI ESG Disclaimer Although Haitong Internationals information providers including without limitation MSCI ESG Research LLC and its affiliates (the ESG Parties) obtain information (the
or implied warranties including those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose The Information may only be used for your internal use may not be reproduced or redisseminated in
securities to buy or sell or when to buy or sell them None of the ESG Parties shall have any liability for any errors or omissions in connection with any data herein or any liability for any direct
indirect special punitive consequential or any other damages (including lost profits) even if notified of the possibility of such damages
盟浪义利（FIN-ESG）数据通免责声明条款：在使用盟浪义利（FIN-ESG）数据之前，请务必仔细阅读本条款并同意本声明：
第一条 义利（FIN-ESG）数据系由盟浪可持续数字科技有限责任公司（以下简称本公司）基于合法取得的公开信息评估而成，本公司对信息的准确性及完整性不作任何保证。对公司
的评估结果仅供参考，并不构成对任何个人或机构投资建议，也不能作为任何个人或机构购买、出售或持有相关金融产品的依据。本公司不对任何个人或机构投资者因使用本数据表
述的评估结果造成的任何直接或间接损失负责。
第二条 盟浪并不因收到此评估数据而将收件人视为客户，收件人使用此数据时应根据自身实际情况作出自我独立判断。本数据所载内容反映的是盟浪在最初发布本数据日期当日的判
断，盟浪有权在不发出通知的情况下更新、修订与发出其他与本数据所载内容不一致或有不同结论的数据。除非另行说明，本数据（如财务业绩数据等）仅代表过往表现，过往的业
绩表现不作为日后回报的预测。
第三条 本数据版权归本公司所有，本公司依法保留各项权利。未经本公司事先书面许可授权，任何个人或机构不得将本数据中的评估结果用于任何营利性目的，不得对本数据进行修
改、复制、编译、汇编、再次编辑、改编、删减、缩写、节选、发行、出租、展览、表演、放映、广播、信息网络传播、摄制、增加图标及说明等，否则因此给盟浪或其他第三方造
成损失的，由用户承担相应的赔偿责任，盟浪不承担责任。
第四条 如本免责声明未约定，而盟浪网站平台载明的其他协议内容（如盟浪网站用户注册协议盟浪网用户服务（含认证）协议盟浪网隐私政策等）有约定的，则按其他
协议的约定执行；若本免责声明与其他协议约定存在冲突或不一致的，则以本免责声明约定为准。
SusallWave FIN-ESG Data Service Disclaimer Please read these terms and conditions below carefully and confirm your agreement and acceptance with these terms before using SusallWave FIN-
ESG Data Service
FIN-ESG Data is produced by SusallWave Digital Technology Co Ltd (In short SusallWave)s assessment based on legal publicly accessible information SusallWave shall not be responsible
selling or holding any relative financial products We will not be liable for any direct or indirect loss of any individual or institution as a result of using SusallWave FIN-ESG Data
SusallWave do not consider recipients as customers for receiving these data When using the data recipients shall make your own independent judgment according to your practical individual
status The contents of the data reflect the judgment of us only on the release day We have right to update and amend the data and release other data that contains inconsistent contents or
different conclusions without notification Unless expressly stated the data (eg financial performance data) represents past performance only and the past performance cannot be viewed as the
prediction of future return
abbreviation excerpts issuance rent exhibition performance projection broadcast information network transmission shooting adding icons and instructions If any loss of SusallWave or any
If any term is not contained in this disclaimer but written in other agreements on our website (eg User Registration Protocol of SusallWave Website User Service (including authentication)
Agreement of SusallWave Website Privacy Policy of Susallwave Website) it should be executed according to other agreements If there is any difference between this disclaim and other agreements
this disclaimer shall be applied
行，包括制作及发布涵盖BSE Limited（BSE）和National Stock Exchange of India Limited（NSE）上市公司（统称为印度交易所）的研究报告。HTSIPL 于2016 年12 月22 日被收购
声明或保证。本文件中所有观点均截至本报告日期，如有更改，恕不另行通知。本文件仅供参考使用。文件中提及的任何公司或其股票的说明并非意图展示完整的内容，本文件并非
可能会对投资产生不利影响。过去的表现并不一定代表将来的结果。某些特定交易，包括设计金融衍生工具的，有产生重大风险的可能性，因此并不适合所有的投资者。您还应认识到
其他方面的专业顾问，以期在投资之前评估该项建议是否适合于您。若由于使用本文件所载的材料而产生任何直接或间接的损失，HTISG 及其董事、雇员或代理人对此均不承担任何责
HTISG 的销售员、交易员和其他专业人士均可向HTISG 的相关客户和公司提供与本文件所述意见相反的口头或书面市场评论意见或交易策略。HTISG 可做出与本文件所述建议或意见不
一致的投资决策。但HTIRL 没有义务来确保本文件的收件人了解到该等交易决定、思路或建议。
For research reports on non-Indian securities The research report is issued by Haitong International Research Limited (HTIRL) a wholly owned subsidiary of Haitong International Securities Group
Limited (HTISGL) and a licensed corporation to carry on Type 4 regulated activity (advising on securities) for the purpose of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap 571) of Hong Kong with the
assistance of Haitong International (Japan) KK (HTIJKK) a wholly owned subsidiary of HTISGL and which is regulated as an Investment Adviser by the Kanto Finance Bureau of Japan
registered Stock Broker Merchant Banker and Research Analyst that inter alia produces and distributes research reports covering listed entities on the BSE Limited (BSE) and the National Stock
Exchange of India Limited (NSE) (collectively referred to as Indian Exchanges) HSIPL was acquired and became part of the Haitong International Securities Group of Companies (HTISG) on 22
December 2016
All the research reports are globally branded under the name Haitong International and approved for distribution by Haitong International Securities Company Limited (HTISCL) andor any other
members within HTISG in their respective jurisdictions
referred to in this research report may not be eligible for purchase or sale in some jurisdictions If an investment product is denominated in a currency other than an investors home currency a
change in exchange rates may adversely affect the investment Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results Certain transactions including those involving derivatives give rise to
your unique financial circumstances such as your financial situation and risk appetite You must therefore analyze and should where applicable consult your own legal tax accounting financial
for any direct or consequential loss arising from any use of the materials contained in this research report
HTISG and our affiliates officers directors and employees excluding the analysts responsible for the content of this document will from time to time have long or short positions in act as principal
to the attention of any recipient of this research report
with respect to Research
Non US Analyst Disclosure  The HTI analyst(s) listed on the cover of this Research is (are) not registered or qualified as a  research analyst with FINRA and are not subject to US FINRA Rule 2241
期货事务监察委员会的审查。您不应仅根据本研究报告中所载的信息做出投资决定。本研究报告的收件人就研究报告中产生或与之相关的任何事宜请联系HTISCL 销售人员。
美国投资者的通知事项：本研究报告由HTIRL，HSIPL 或HTIJKK 编写。 HTIRL，HSIPL，HTIJKK 以及任何非HTISG 美国联营公司，均未在美国注册，因此不受美国关于研究报告编制和研
资者（US Institutional Investors）。在向美国机构投资者分发研究报告时，Haitong International Securities (USA) Inc （HTI USA） 将对报告的内容负责。任何收到本研究报告的美国
351-6050。 HTI USA 是在美国于US Securities and Exchange Commission（SEC）注册的经纪商，也是Financial Industry Regulatory Authority Inc（FINRA）的成员。 HTIUSA 不负责编写
Haitong International Securities (USA) Inc
340 Madison Avenue 12th Floor
New York NY 10173
DISTRIBUTION AND REGIONAL NOTICES
Except as otherwise indicated below any Recipient wishing to discuss this research report or effect any transaction in any security discussed in HTIs research should contact the Haitong International
salesperson in their own country or region
Notice to Hong Kong investors The research report is distributed by Haitong International Securities Company Limited (HTISCL) which is a licensed corporation to carry on Type 1 regulated activity
(dealing in securities) in Hong Kong This research report does not constitute a solicitation or an offer of securities or an invitation to the public within the meaning of the SFO This research report
is only to be circulated to Professional Investors as defined in the SFO This research report has not been reviewed by the Securities and Futures Commission You should not make investment
decisions solely on the basis of the information contained in this research report Recipients of this research report are to contact HTISCL salespersons in respect of any matters arising from or in
connection with the research report
Notice to US investors As described above this research report was prepared by HTIRL HSIPL or HTIJKK Neither HTIRL HSIPL HTIJKK nor any of the non US HTISG affiliates is registered in the
United States and therefore is not subject to US rules regarding the preparation of research reports and the independence of research analysts  This research report is provided for distribution to
major US institutional investors and US institutional investors in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Rule 15a-6 of the US Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended
When distributing research reports to US institutional investors HTI USA will accept the responsibilities for the content of the reports  Any US recipient of this research report wishing to effect
any transaction to buy or sell securities or related financial instruments based on the information provided in this research report should do so only through Haitong International Securities (USA)
Inc (HTI USA) located at 340 Madison Avenue 12th Floor New York NY 10173 USA telephone (212) 351 6050  HTI USA is a broker-dealer registered in the US with the US Securities and
Exchange Commission (the SEC) and a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority Inc (FINRA)  HTI USA is not responsible for the preparation of this research report nor for the
analysis contained therein  Under no circumstances should any US recipient of this research report contact the analyst directly or effect any transaction to buy or sell securities or related financial
instruments directly through HSIPL HTIRL or HTIJKK  The HSIPL HTIRL or HTIJKK analyst(s) whose name appears in this research report is not registered or qualified as a research analyst with FINRA
in any non-US securities or related financial instruments (including ADRs) discussed in this research report may present certain risks  The securities of non-US issuers may not be registered with
financial instruments All inquiries by US recipients should be directed to
Haitong International Securities (USA) Inc
340 Madison Avenue 12th Floor
New York NY 10173
Attn  Sales Desk at (212) 351 6050
中华人民共和国的通知事项：在中华人民共和国（下称中国，就本报告目的而言，不包括香港特别行政区、澳门特别行政区和台湾）只有根据适用的中国法律法规而收到该材料的人
103 Registration Requirements Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations（NI 31-103）的规定得到国际交易商豁免（International Dealer Exemption ）的交易商，位于艾伯塔
National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions 第11 节或者Securities Act (Ontario)第733(1)节所规定的认可投资者（Accredited Investor），或者在适用情况下National
Instrument 31-103 第11 节所规定的许可投资者（Permitted Investor）。
新加坡投资者的通知事项：本研究报告由Haitong International Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd（HTISSPL）公司注册编号201311400G 于新加坡提供。HTISSPL 是符合财务顾问法（第
题，本研究报告的收件人应通过以下信息与HTISSPL 联系：
Haitong International Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd
50 Raffles Place 33-03 Singapore Land Tower Singapore 048623
（1）条，第17-11（1）条的执行及相关条款）。
相关的投资行为只面对此类专业客户。没有投资经验或相关投资经验的客户不得依赖本报告。Haitong International Securities Company Limited 的分支机构的净长期或短期金融权益可能
超过本研究报告中提及的实体已发行股本总额的05。特别提醒有些英文报告有可能此前已经通过中文或其它语言完成发布。
澳大利亚投资者的通知事项：Haitong International Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd Haitong International Securities Company Limited 和Haitong International Securities (UK) Limited 分别根据澳
等法律与在澳大利亚所适用的法律存在差异。
发布，包括制作及发布涵盖BSE Limited（BSE）和National Stock Exchange of India Limited（NSE）（统称为印度交易所）研究报告。
本项研究仅供收件人使用，未经海通国际的书面同意不得予以复制和再次分发。
Peoples Republic of China (PRC) In the PRC the research report is directed for the sole use of those who receive the research report in accordance with the applicable PRC laws and regulations
Further the information on the research report does not constitute production and business activities in the PRC under relevant PRC laws This research report does not constitute a public offer
of the security whether by sale or subscription in the PRC Further no legal or natural persons of the PRC may directly or indirectly purchase any of the security or any beneficial interest therein
these restrictions
Notice to Canadian Investors Under no circumstances is this research report to be construed as an offer to sell securities or as a solicitation of an offer to buy securities in any jurisdiction of Canada
Any offer or sale of the securities described herein in Canada will be made only under an exemption from the requirements to file a prospectus with the relevant Canadian securities regulators and
only by Haitong International Securities (USA) Inc a dealer relying on the international dealer exemption under National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements Exemptions and Ongoing
Registrant Obligations (NI 31-103) in Alberta British Columbia Ontario and Quebec This research report is not and under no circumstances should be construed as a prospectus an offering
research report the information contained herein or the merits of the securities described herein and any representation to the contrary is an offence Upon receipt of this research report each
Canadian recipient will be deemed to have represented that the investor is an accredited investor as such term is defined in section 11 of National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or
in Ontario in section 733(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario) as applicable and a permitted client as such term is defined in section 11 of NI 31-103 respectively
Notice to Singapore investors This research report is provided in Singapore by or through Haitong International Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd (HTISSPL) Co Reg No 201311400G HTISSPL is an
Exempt Financial Adviser under the Financial Advisers Act (Cap 110) (FAA) to (a) advise on securities units in a collective investment scheme exchange-traded derivatives contracts and over-the-
counter derivatives contracts and (b) issue or promulgate research analyses or research reports on securities exchange-traded derivatives contracts and over-the-counter derivatives contracts This
research report is only provided to institutional investors within the meaning of Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act (Cap 289) Recipients of this research report are to contact HTISSPL via
the details below in respect of any matters arising from or in connection with the research report
Haitong International Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd
10 Collyer Quay 19-01 - 19-05 Ocean Financial Centre Singapore 049315
Telephone (65) 6536 1920
Notice to Japanese investors This research report is distributed by Haitong International Securities Company Limited and intended to be distributed to Financial Services Providers or Registered
Financial Institutions engaged in investment management (as defined in the Japan Financial Instruments and Exchange Act (FIEL) Art 61(1) Order for Enforcement of FIEL Art 17-11(1) and related
articles)
Notice to UK and European Union investors This research report is distributed by Haitong International Securities Company Limited This research is directed at persons having professional
experience in matters relating to investments Any investment or investment activity to which this research relates is available only to such persons or will be engaged in only with such persons
Persons who do not have professional experience in matters relating to investments should not rely on this research  Haitong International Securities Company Limiteds affiliates may have a net
long or short financial interest in excess of 05% of the total issued share capital of the entities mentioned in this research report  Please be aware that any report in English may have been published
previously in Chinese or another language
Notice to Australian investors The research report is distributed in Australia by Haitong International Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd Haitong International Securities Company Limited and Haitong
International Securities (UK) Limited in reliance on ASIC Corporations (Repeal and Transitional) Instrument 2016396 which exempts those HTISG entities from the requirement to hold an Australian
financial services license under the Corporations Act 2001 in respect of the financial services it provides to wholesale clients in Australia  A copy of the ASIC Class Orders may be obtained at the
International Securities (UK) Limited are regulated under foreign laws and regulatory requirements which are different from the laws applying in Australia
Stock Broker Merchant Banker and Research Analyst that inter alia produces and distributes research reports covering listed entities on the BSE Limited (BSE) and the National Stock Exchange of
India Limited (NSE) (collectively referred to as Indian Exchanges)
This research report is intended for the recipients only and may not be reproduced or redistributed without the written consent of an authorized signatory of HTISG
Copyright Haitong International Securities Group Limited 2019 All rights reserved
Source Company data Bloomberg HTI estimates