科技行业更新  中国公司调研纪要
国轩高科002074CH 是一家中国企业，主要从事锂离子动力电池的研
发、生产和销售，亦从事电子传输和分销业务。公司的锂离子动力电池产
品涉及锂离子电池组产品、单一锂离子电池和动力锂电池正极材料。目前，
公司正在积极开发新一代三元622 方形铝壳电池产业化及三元811 电池。
2017 年上半年业绩摘要：自政府降低新能源汽车补贴后，电池平均售价
于17 年上半年下降，公司期内收入同比下降011至24 亿元人民币，股
东应占溢利为445 亿元人民币，同比下降1656。2017 年上半年锂离
子动力电池产品收入约20 亿元人民币，同比增长157。电子传输业务
收入3428 亿元人民币，同比下降654。公司应收账款约为30 亿元人
民币，同比增长4711，主要由于新能源补贴减少所致。
公司经营模式：国轩高科主要从事锂离子动力电池的研发、生产和销售，
其占2017 年上半年总收入的84以上。目前，公司正在积极将重点从磷
酸铁锂（LiFePO 4 或LFP）电池转移至能量密度高的三元电池。管理层预
计，青岛三元电池厂将于本月底或下个月初开始定期生产。公司认为，电
池正极材料是关键技术。目前，磷酸铁锂电池中的大部分阴极材料均由公
司在鲁江的生产基地提供；而所有用于生产三元电池的材料都是从第三
方购买。公司还积极投资其他重要的生产工艺：a）2016 年，公司与星源
材质300568CH合作，投资30 亿元人民币建设锂离子动力电池湿膜生
产设施，已于今年5 月开始投产。预计年产能为500 万平方米；第一期容
量为8000 平方米；b）合肥国轩计划与中冶集团（51）、比亚迪公司
002594CH（10）和唐山曹妃甸发展投资集团（9）成立合资公司，
合肥国轩将持有该公司总股本的30。合资公司将主要从事三元前驱体
的开发和生产。该项目有两个阶段：第一阶段将涉及到生产48 万吨
NCM523 和4 万吨NCM622，第二阶段将增加另一个相似的生产线；c）
公司计划投资5000 万元人民币成立全资子公司国轩涂布，发展涂层技术
由于公司大量投资于电池生产过程，国轩也专注于储能和动力电池回收业
务的发展：a）国轩高科与上海电气将组建一家主要研发储能和电池管理
系统的公司；b）该公司与兰州金川合作，分别在合肥、京昌成立安徽金
轩和甘肃金轩，总投资额达1 亿元人民币。安徽金轩主要专注于回收和拆
卸LFP 电池和锂锰氧化物（LiMn2O4 或LMO）电池。甘肃金轩主要是回
收锂离子电池，其中有镍和钴。金轩是中国最大的和全球第三大的钴供货
商。我们认为国轩高科也可从中受益。
公司的主要客车客户包括江淮汽车600418CH、北汽和众泰汽车。其主
要商用车客户包括上汽集团600104CH、北汽、中通客车和南京金龙。
公司也成功渗透进宇通600066CH的供应链。2017 年上半年，来自中通
客车和南京金龙的订单总计18600 台，同比增长55，总额约28 亿元人
民币，同比增长3461。来自北汽的乘用车订单共计12900 台，价值约
以动力电池出货量计算，公司2016 年在中国排名第四，市场份额为6。
目前，LFP 电池的产能为35GWh，三元电池产能为4GWh。预计总产能
Source Bloomberg Company Data CGIS Research
将达到8 9GWh。至于能源密度，公司正从NCM111 转至
NCM622，因此电池的能量密度将达到190WhKg。同时，公司正积
极投资三元811 电池；公司最近发布的产品的能量密度为300Wh
目前的趋势：最新报道指出，中国正在考虑允许外国汽车制造商在
自贸区内建立独资电动车业务。虽然当局还未作出最终决定，但最
早或可在明年初实行。当局放松成立合资公司的规则，将使海外公
司有机会在中国设立生产业务。另一方面，国外汽车制造商正在中
国积极寻求合资机会：福特汽车FUS计划与安徽众泰汽车合作，
以新品牌在中国生产电动客车；大众汽车VOWGR与江淮汽车
成立了合资企业在中国开发电动汽车。此外，工信部表示正在考虑
禁止燃油车以推广电动汽车。我们相信随着更多海外汽车生产商进
入中国电动车市场，动力电池行业将会快速增长。
(in Rmb m)
Gross Margin %
Net Margin %
EPS (Basic)
Div idend Yield (%)
Free cash f low (m)
Net cash(net debt) (mn)
(RMB million)
Turnover (RHS)
Price (LHS)
主要财务指标(百万元人民币)
Analyst Mark Po
TECHNOLOGY INDUSTRY UPDATE  Key takeaways from Company visits in China
is engaged primarily in the research and development (RD) manufacture and
sale of lithium-ion power batteries and electronic transmission and distribution
business The Companys lithium-ion power battery products include lithium-ion
battery pack products single lithium-ion batteries and power lithium battery
generation of ternary 622 square aluminum shell batteries and ternary 811
batteries
1H 2017 results When the government lowered the subsidies for new energy
vehicles (NEVs) the ASP of batteries fell In 1H 2017 the Company reported
RMB24b in revenue down 011% YoY and net profit attributable to
shareholders was RMB445m down 1656% Revenue for lithium-ion power
battery products was approximately RMB20b in 1H 2017 up 157% YoY
Revenue for the electronic transmission and distribution business was
RMB3428m down 654% YoY The Companys accounts receivable were
about RMB30b up 4711% YoY which was mainly due to the reduction in NEV
subsidies
Company business model Guoxuan High-tech focuses mainly on the RD
manufacture and sale of lithium-ion power batteries which accounted for over
84% of total revenue in 1H 2017 Currently the Company is actively switching
from lithium iron phosphate (LiFePO 4 or LFP) batteries to ternary batteries
which have higher energy density Management expects the Qingdao ternary
battery factory to start regular production at the end of this month or early next
month The Company believes that cathode material for batteries is a key
technology Currently most of the cathode materials in lithium iron phosphate
batteries are provided by the Companys production facility in Lu Jiang and all
the materials used in the production of ternary batteries are purchased from
third parties The Company has also actively invested in other key production
processes a) In 2016 it cooperated with Shenzhen Senior Tech 300568CH
investing RMB3b to build a wet diaphragm manufacturing facility for lithium-ion
power batteries which started production in May this year The expected
annual capacity is 500m square meters the capacity of the first phase is 80m
square meters b) Hefei Guoxuan is planning to cooperate with China
Metallurgical Group (51%) BYD Company 002594CH (10%) and
Tangshan Caofeidian Development Investment Group (9%) to set up a joint
manufacture of ternary precursors The project will have two phases phase one
will involve producing 48000t of NCM523 and 40000t of NCM622 and another
similar production line will be added in phase two c) The Company is planning
to invest RMB50m to establish a wholly-owned subsidiary Guoxuan Tubu to
develop coating technology and battery materials
As the Company has largely invested in the battery production process
Guoxuan is also focusing on the development of energy storage and power
battery recycling businesses a) Guoxuan High-tech together with Shanghai
energy storage and battery management systems b) The Company cooperated
with Lanzhou JinChuan to establish Anhui JinXuan and Gansu JinXuan in
Hefei and Jingchang respectively for a total investment of RMB100m Anhui
JinXuan focuses mainly on recycling and disassembling LFP batteries and
lithium manganese oxide (LiMn2O4 or LMO) batteries Gansu JinXuan is
designed for recycling lithium-ion batteries which have Ni and Co JinXuan is
the largest in China and third-largest provider worldwide of cobalt (Co) We
believe Guoxuan High-tech can also benefit from this cooperation
The Companys major passenger vehicle clients include JAC Motors
include SAIC 600104CH BAIC Zhongtong Bus and Nanjing King-Long The
chain In 1H 2017 orders from Zhongtong Bus and Nanjing King-Long totalled
18600 sets up 55% YoY for a total amount of approximately RMB28b up
Sept 21 2017
Source Bloomberg Company Data CGIS Research
Guoxuan High-tech Co Ltd 
3461% YoY Passenger vehicle orders from BAIC totalled 12900 sets
worth about RMB15b
In 2016 the Company ranked No4 in China based on shipments of
power batteries and had a market share of 6% Currently its capacity of
LFP batteries is 35GWh and its capacity of ternary batteries is 4GWh
Total capacity is expected to reach 89GWh Regarding energy density
the Company is changing from NCM111 to NCM622 so the energy
density of a cell will reach 190WhKg At the same time the Company is
actively investing in ternary 811 batteries the energy density of its recent
released product was 300WhKg
Current trend According to recent news releases the Chinese
government is considering allowing overseas vehicle makers to set up
wholly-owned electronic vehicle businesses in the free trade zones The
final decision has not yet been made but it could be put in place as early
as next year This relaxation of the joint venture rule will give overseas
China Also foreign car makers are actively seeking joint venture
opportunities in China Ford Motor FUS is planning to cooperate with
Anhui Zotye Automobile to build electric passenger vehicles in China
under a new brand and Volkswagen VOWGR launched a new joint
venture with JAC to develop electronic vehicles in China Moreover the
Ministry of Industry and Information Technology (MIIT) announced that it
is considering banning cars that run on fossil fuels to promote electric
cars We believe that as more and more overseas carmakers enter the
Chinese electronic vehicle market the power battery industry will
experience fast growth
Analyst Mark Jiang
(in Rmb m)
Gross Margin %
Net Margin %
EPS (Basic)
Div idend Yield (%)
Free cash f low (m)
Net cash(net debt) (mn)
(RMB million)
Turnover (RHS)
Price (LHS)
Byd Co Ltd-H
Geely Automobile Holdings Lt
Guangzhou Automobile Group-H
Great Wall Motor Company-H
Baic Motor Corp Ltd-H
Saic Motor Corp Ltd-A
Zhengzhou Yutong Bus Co -A
Zhongtong Bus  Holding Co-A
Anhui Ankai Automobile-A
Beiqi Foton Motor Co Ltd-A
China Dynamics Holdings Ltd
Fdg Electric Vehicles Ltd
Ningbo Shanshan Co Ltd-A
Beijing Easpring Material-A
Citic Guoan Information-A
China Baoan Group-A
Kingray New  Materials Sci -A
Hengdian Group Dmegc -A
Jiangxi Special Electric -A
Jiangsu Guotai Int Group -A
China Baoan Group-A
Ningbo Shanshan Co Ltd-A
Fspg Hi-Tech Co Ltd -A
Zhejiang Nanyang Technolog-A
Shenzhen Hifuture Electric-A
Cangzhou Mingzhu Plastic -A
Jiangsu Guotai Int Group -A
Shenzhen Capchem Technolog-A
Do-Fluoride Chemicals Co-A
Jiangsu Bicon Pharmaceutic-A
Ningbo Shanshan Co Ltd-A
Sichuan Chengfei Integrat -A
Zhejiang Narada Pow er Sour-A
Shenzhen Desay Battery Tec-A
Sunw oda Electronic Co Ltd-A
Shenzhen Topband Co Ltd -A
Ningbo Joyson Electronic  -A
Jiangxi Ganfeng Lithium Co-A
Tibet Mineral Development-A
Qinghai Salt Lake Industry-A
Tianqi Lithium Industr Ind-A
Coslight Technology Intl Gp
Guoxuan High-Tech Co Ltd
Eve Energy Co Ltd-A
Tianneng Pow er Intl Ltd
Chaow ei Pow er Holdings Ltd
Hybrid Kinetic Group Ltd
Man Yue Technology Holdings
Nantong Jianghai Capacitor-A
Beijing Zhongke Sanhuan Hi-A
Jilin Sino-Microelectronic-A
Zhongshan Broad Ocean Moto-A
Zhuzhou Crrc Times Electric
Shenzhen Inovance Technolo-A
Zhejiang Founder Motor Co -A
Beijing Zhongke Sanhuan Hi-A
Jiugui Liquor Co Ltd-A
Jiangxi Special Electric -A
Ningbo Yunsheng (Group) Co-A
Wolong Electric Group Co L-A
Xinzhi Motor Co Ltd-A
Shenzhen Auto Electric Pow -A
Nari Technology Co Ltd-A
Sieyuan Electric Co Ltd-A
Shanghai Potevio Co Ltd - A
Shenzhen Kstar Science And-A
Suzhou Industrial Park Hes-A
China Titans Energy Technolo
Wasion Group Holdings Ltd
Zte Corp-H
Share Price Performance
Figure 1 Peer Comparison
Sources Bloomberg CGIS Research
此研究报告并非针对或意图被居于或位于某些司法管辖范围之任何人士或市民或实体作派发或使用，而在该等司法管辖范围内分发、发布、提供或使
准确性、正确性或完整性作出(明示或默示)陈述或保证。
保证，明示或默示，是为针对未来的表现而作出的。收取此报告之人士应明白及了解其投资目的及相关风险 ，投资前应咨询其独立的财务顾问。
报告中任何部份之资料、意见、预测只反映负责预备本报告的分析员的个人意见及观点，该观点及意见未必与中国银河国际金融控股有限公司及其附
属公司(中国银河国际)、董事、行政人员、代理及雇员(相关人士)之投资决定相符。
报告中全部的意见和预测均为分析员在报告发表时的判断，日后如有改变，恕不另行通告。中国银河国际及或相关伙伴特此声明不会就因为本报告
及其附件之不准确、不正确及不完整或遗漏负上直接或间接上所产生的任何责任。因此，读者在阅读本报告时，应连同此声明一并考虑，并必须小心
中国银河国际可能持有目标公司的财务权益，而本报告所评论的是涉及该目标公司的证劵，且该等权益的合计总额相等于或高于该目标公司的市场资
一位或多位中国银河国际的董事、行政人员及或雇员可能是目标公司的董事或高级人员。
再者，中国银河国际可能在过去12个月内就投资银行服务收取补偿或受委托和可能现正寻求目标公司投资银行委托。
现在或将来，直接或间接，所收取之报酬没有任何部份是与他或他们在本报告所表达之特别推荐或观点有关连的。
此外，分析员确认分析员本人及其有联系者(根据香港证监会持牌人操守准则定义)均没有(1) 在研究报告发出前30 日内曾交易报告内所述的股票；(2)
在研究报告发出后3个营业日内交易报告内所述的股票；(3)担任报告内涵盖的上市公司的行政人员；(4)持有报告内涵盖的上市公司的财务权益。
中文本与英文本如有歧义，概以英文本为准。
股价于12个月内将上升 20%
股价于个月内将下跌 
没有催化因素，由买入 降级直至出现明确买入讯息或再度降级为立刻卖出