g
Yili
Rating
Buy
Valuation & Risks
Consumer
Food & Beverage
Price at 30 Aug 2017 (CNY)
22.58
Price target - 12mth (CNY)
24.80
52-week range (CNY)
23.29 - 15.98
HANG SENG INDEX
27,765
Results
Asia
China
Company
Yili
Reuters
Bloomberg
Exchange
Ticker
600887.SS
600887 CH
SHH
600887
Date
31 August 2017
Deutsche Bank
Markets Research
2Q17 results beat with strong sales
growth; reiterating Buy
2Q17 sales/recurring earnings were 11%/14% higher than DB forecast
Yili reported strong 2Q17 results with 20% yoy sales growth and 30% yoy
recurring net proﬁt growth. Net proﬁt declined 1.6% yoy in 2Q17 due to lower
government grants. Recurring 2Q17 net proﬁt was 14% higher than DB forecast ,
mainly due to stronger than expected sales growth. On a semi annual basis, sales
and recurring earnings grew 11% and 23% yoy respectively. By category, sales
growth in 1H17 was driven by:
■
Liquid milk - grew by 13% yoy, mainly attributable to recovering
consumption (industry retail sales up 7.3% yoy in 1H17) and Yili's
increasing market share (UHT milk increased 300bps yoy to 33.4% in
1H17).
■
Milk powder - grew by 20% yoy, helped by easing competition on
implementation of new regulations and lower channel stocking.
■
Ice cream - grew by 11% yoy, thanks to strong growth of high-end
products and more favorable weather in 2Q17.
■
Particularly, sales growth was driven by high-end products (i.e UHT
yoghurt, high-end yoghurt and high-end IMF), which grew by 31% yoy in
1H17 and currently accounts for 40-50% of total sales.
OP margin expanded 120bps to 12.2% in 2Q17, helped by 245bps expansion in
GP margin due to better product mix and stablizing raw material price, while partly
oﬀset by higher A&P expense ratio.
Three reasons for the strong sales recovery
Yili's recurring sales growth improved from 6% yoy in 1Q17 to 20% in 2Q17.
We think this is mainly due to three reasons. Firstly, consumer staple sector
generally saw demand recovery from 2Q17, helped by recovering infrastructure
and property investment from 2016 and a lower base; secondly, competition in
liquid milk is easing, thanks to more balanced supply and demand; and thirdly,
Yili's strong distribution network and branding in high-end products makes it well
positioned in the recovery. We believe these reasons should continue to drive
Yili's sales in the near-term.
Reiterating Buy
We revise up our earnings forecast by 10-12% in 2017-19E, mainly to factor in
higher sales growth driven by industry recovery and Yili's product mix upgrade.
Mark Yuan
Research Analyst
+852-2203 6181
Anne Ling
Research Analyst
+852-2203 6177
Key changes
TP
22.00 to 24.80 ↑
12.7%
Sales (FYE)
64,558 to
66,917
↑
3.7%
Op prof margin
(FYE)
9.3 to 10.2 ↑
9.3%
Net proﬁt (FYE)
5,734.6 to
6,414.8
↑
11.9%
Source: Deutsche Bank
Price/price relative
Yili
HANG SENG INDEX (Rebased)
Jan '16
Jul '16
Jan '17
Jul '17
10
20
30
Performance (%)
1m
3m 12m
Absolute
10.2 15.8 33.5
HANG SENG INDEX
2.9
8.0 20.6
Source: Deutsche Bank
Key indicators (FY1)
ROE (%)
26.5
Net debt/equity (%)
-54.6
Book value/share (CNY)
4.18
Price/book (x)
5.4
Net interest cover (x)
–
Operating proﬁt margin (%)
10.2
Source: Deutsche Bank
Deutsche Bank AG/Hong Kong
Deutsche Bank does and seeks to do business with companies covered in its research reports. Thus, investors should be
aware that the ﬁrm may have a conﬂict of interest that could aﬀect the objectivity of this report. Investors should consider
this report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. DISCLOSURES AND ANALYST CERTIFICATIONS
ARE LOCATED IN APPENDIX 1. MCI (P) 083/04/2017.
Distributed on: 30/08/2017 16:33:06 GMT
0bed7b6cf11c
31 August 2017
Food & Beverage
Yili
We revise up our TP by 13% to Rmb24.8 based on a DCF approach, factoring in a
9.5% WACC (3.9% RFR, 5.6% ERP, 1.0 beta, debt-free structure) and 2% terminal
growth. We reiterate Yili as our top pick among our A share coverage. Downside
risks: higher-than-expected raw material price increase, food safety incidents and
worse-than-expected competition.
Figure 1: 1H17 results review
Source: Deutsche Bank, company data
Forecasts and ratios
Year End Dec 31
2015A
2016A
2017E
2018E
2019E
Sales (CNYm)
60,108.8
60,189.1
66,916.8
74,177.8
80,964.8
EBITDA (CNYm)
6,726.8
7,087.9
8,263.1
9,038.1
9,987.8
Reported NPAT (CNYm)
4,631.8
5,661.8
6,414.8
6,884.5
7,540.6
Reported EPS FD(CNY)
0.76
0.93
1.06
1.14
1.24
DB EPS FD (CNY)
0.76
0.93
1.06
1.14
1.24
DB EPS growth (%)
12.0
23.3
13.3
7.3
9.5
PER (x)
21.6
17.3
21.3
19.9
18.2
EV/EBITDA (x)
13.8
11.9
14.9
13.5
12.1
DPS (net) (CNY)
0.46
0.68
0.73
0.80
0.91
Yield (net) (%)
2.8
4.2
3.2
3.5
4.0
Source: Deutsche Bank estimates, company data
Page 2
Deutsche Bank AG/Hong Kong
31 August 2017
Food & Beverage
Yili
Appendix 1
Important Disclosures
*Other information available upon request
Disclosure checklist
Company
Ticker
Recent price*
Disclosure
Yili
600887.SS
22.58 (CNY) 30 Aug 2017
NA
*Prices are current as of the end of the previous trading session unless otherwise indicated and are sourced from local exchanges via Reuters, Bloomberg, and other vendors. Other
information is sourced from Deutsche Bank, subject companies, and other sources. For disclosures pertaining to recommendations or estimates made on securities other than the
primary subject of this research, please see the most recently published company report or visit our global disclosure look-up page on our website at http://gm.db.com/ger/disclosure/
DisclosureDirectory.eqsr. Aside from within this report, important conﬂict disclosures can also be found at https://gm/db.com/equities under the "Disclosures Lookup" and "Legal"
tabs. Investors are strongly encouraged to review this information before investing.
Analyst Certiﬁcation
The views expressed in this report accurately reﬂect the personal views of the undersigned lead analyst(s) about the
subject issuer and the securities of the issuer. In addition, the undersigned lead analyst(s) has not and will not receive any
compensation for providing a speciﬁc recommendation or view in this report. Mark Yuan
Historical recommendations and target price. Yili (600887.SS)
(as of 08/30/2017)
Current Recommendations
Buy
Hold
Sell
Not Rated
Suspended Rating
** Analyst is no longer at
Deutsche Bank
Date
Security price
1
2
3
4
Sep '15
Jan '16
May '16
Sep '16
Jan '17
May '17
Sep '17
0.00
5.00
10.00
15.00
20.00
25.00
30.00
1.
11/03/2015
Buy, Target Price Change CNY 18,60 Mark Yuan
3.
07/14/2016
Buy, Target Price Change CNY 20,40 Mark Yuan
2.
04/03/2016
Buy, Target Price Change CNY 18,40 Mark Yuan
4.
04/06/2017
Buy, Target Price Change CNY 22,00 Mark Yuan
Deutsche Bank AG/Hong Kong
Page 3
31 August 2017
Food & Beverage
Yili
Equity Rating Key
Equity rating dispersion and banking relationships
Buy: Based on a current 12- month view of total share-holder
return (TSR = percentage change in share price from current
price to projected target price plus pro-jected dividend yield ) ,
we recommend that investors buy the stock.
Sell: Based on a current 12-month view of total share-holder
return, we recommend that investors sell the stock.
Hold: We take a neutral view on the stock 12-months out and,
based on this time horizon, do not recommend either a Buy
or Sell.
Newly issued research recommendations and target prices
supersede previously published research.
Page 4
Deutsche Bank AG/Hong Kong
31 August 2017
Food & Beverage
Yili
Additional Information
The information and opinions in this report were prepared by Deutsche Bank AG or one of its aﬃliates (collectively
"Deutsche Bank"). Though the information herein is believed to be reliable and has been obtained from public sources
believed to be reliable, Deutsche Bank makes no representation as to its accuracy or completeness. Hyperlinks to third-
party websites in this report are provided for reader convenience only. Deutsche Bank neither endorses the content nor
is responsible for the accuracy or security controls of these websites.
?
If you use the services of Deutsche Bank in connection with a purchase or sale of a security that is discussed in this report,
or is included or discussed in another communication (oral or written) from a Deutsche Bank analyst, Deutsche Bank may
act as principal for its own account or as agent for another person.
Deutsche Bank may consider this report in deciding to trade as principal. It may also engage in transactions, for its
own account or with customers, in a manner inconsistent with the views taken in this research report. Others within
Deutsche Bank, including strategists, sales staﬀ and other analysts, may take views that are inconsistent with those taken
in this research report. Deutsche Bank issues a variety of research products, including fundamental analysis, equity-linked
analysis, quantitative analysis and trade ideas. Recommendations contained in one type of communication may diﬀer
from recommendations contained in others, whether as a result of diﬀering time horizons, methodologies or otherwise.
Deutsche Bank and/or its aﬃliates may also be holding debt or equity securities of the issuers it writes on. Analysts are
paid in part based on the proﬁtability of Deutsche Bank AG and its aﬃliates, which includes investment banking, trading
and principal trading revenues.
Opinions, estimates and projections constitute the current judgment of the author as of the date of this report. They do
not necessarily reﬂect the opinions of Deutsche Bank and are subject to change without notice. Deutsche Bank provides
liquidity for buyers and sellers of securities issued by the companies it covers. Deutsche Bank research analysts sometimes
have shorter-term trade ideas that are consistent or inconsistent with Deutsche Bank's existing longer term ratings. Trade
ideas for equities can be found at the SOLAR link at http://gm.db.com. A SOLAR idea represents a high conviction belief
by an analyst that a stock will outperform or underperform the market and/or sector delineated over a time frame of no
less than two weeks. In addition to SOLAR ideas, the analysts named in this report may from time to time discuss with
our clients, Deutsche Bank salespersons and Deutsche Bank traders, trading strategies or ideas that reference catalysts
or events that may have a near-term or medium-term impact on the market price of the securities discussed in this report,
which impact may be directionally counter to the analysts' current 12-month view of total return or investment return as
described herein. Deutsche Bank has no obligation to update, modify or amend this report or to otherwise notify a recipient
thereof if any opinion, forecast or estimate contained herein changes or subsequently becomes inaccurate. Coverage and
the frequency of changes in market conditions and in both general and company speciﬁc economic prospects make it
diﬃcult to update research at deﬁned intervals. Updates are at the sole discretion of the coverage analyst concerned or of
the Research Department Management and as such the majority of reports are published at irregular intervals. This report
is provided for informational purposes only and does not take into account the particular investment objectives, ﬁnancial
situations, or needs of individual clients. It is not an oﬀer or a solicitation of an oﬀer to buy or sell any ﬁnancial instruments
or to participate in any particular trading strategy. Target prices are inherently imprecise and a product of the analyst’s
judgment. The ﬁnancial instruments discussed in this report may not be suitable for all investors and investors must make
their own informed investment decisions. Prices and availability of ﬁnancial instruments are subject to change without
notice and investment transactions can lead to losses as a result of price ﬂuctuations and other factors. If a ﬁnancial
instrument is denominated in a currency other than an investor's currency, a change in exchange rates may adversely
aﬀect the investment. Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results. Unless otherwise indicated, prices
are current as of the end of the previous trading session, and are sourced from local exchanges via Reuters, Bloomberg
and other vendors. Data is sourced from Deutsche Bank, subject companies, and in some cases, other parties.
The Deutsche Bank Research Department is independent of other business areas divisions of the Bank. Details regarding
our organizational arrangements and information barriers we have to prevent and avoid conﬂicts of interest with respect
to our research is available on our website under Disclaimer found on the Legal tab.
??
Deutsche Bank AG/Hong Kong
Page 5
31 August 2017
Food & Beverage
Yili
Macroeconomic ﬂuctuations often account for most of the risks associated with exposures to instruments that promise
to pay ﬁxed or variable interest rates. For an investor who is long ﬁxed rate instruments (thus receiving these cash ﬂows),
increases in interest rates naturally lift the discount factors applied to the expected cash ﬂows and thus cause a loss.
The longer the maturity of a certain cash ﬂow and the higher the move in the discount factor, the higher will be the
loss. Upside surprises in inﬂation, ﬁscal funding needs, and FX depreciation rates are among the most common adverse
macroeconomic shocks to receivers. But counterparty exposure, issuer creditworthiness, client segmentation, regulation
(including changes in assets holding limits for diﬀerent types of investors), changes in tax policies, currency convertibility
(which may constrain currency conversion, repatriation of proﬁts and/or the liquidation of positions), and settlement issues
related to local clearing houses are also important risk factors to be considered. The sensitivity of ﬁxed income instruments
to macroeconomic shocks may be mitigated by indexing the contracted cash ﬂows to inﬂation, to FX depreciation, or to
speciﬁed interest rates – these are common in emerging markets. It is important to note that the index ﬁxings may -- by
construction -- lag or mis-measure the actual move in the underlying variables they are intended to track. The choice of the
proper ﬁxing (or metric) is particularly important in swaps markets, where ﬂoating coupon rates (i.e., coupons indexed to
a typically short-dated interest rate reference index) are exchanged for ﬁxed coupons. It is also important to acknowledge
that funding in a currency that diﬀers from the currency in which coupons are denominated carries FX risk. Naturally,
options on swaps (swaptions) also bear the risks typical to options in addition to the risks related to rates movements.
??
Derivative transactions involve numerous risks including, among others, market, counterparty default and illiquidity risk.
The appropriateness or otherwise of these products for use by investors is dependent on the investors' own circumstances
including their tax position, their regulatory environment and the nature of their other assets and liabilities, and as such,
investors should take expert legal and ﬁnancial advice before entering into any transaction similar to or inspired by the
contents of this publication. The risk of loss in futures trading and options, foreign or domestic, can be substantial. As a
result of the high degree of leverage obtainable in futures and options trading, losses may be incurred that are greater
than the amount of funds initially deposited. Trading in options involves risk and is not suitable for all investors. Prior
to buying or selling an option investors must review the "Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options”, at http://
www.optionsclearing.com/about/publications/character-risks.jsp. If you are unable to access the website please contact
your Deutsche Bank representative for a copy of this important document.
?
Participants in foreign exchange transactions may incur risks arising from several factors, including the following: ( i)
exchange rates can be volatile and are subject to large ﬂuctuations; ( ii) the value of currencies may be aﬀected by
numerous market factors, including world and national economic, political and regulatory events, events in equity and
debt markets and changes in interest rates; and (iii) currencies may be subject to devaluation or government imposed
exchange controls which could aﬀect the value of the currency. Investors in securities such as ADRs, whose values are
aﬀected by the currency of an underlying security, eﬀectively assume currency risk.
?
Unless governing law provides otherwise, all transactions should be executed through the Deutsche Bank entity in the
investor's home jurisdiction. Aside from within this report, important conﬂict disclosures can also be found at https://
gm.db.com/equities under the "Disclosures Lookup" and "Legal" tabs. Investors are strongly encouraged to review this
information before investing.
Deutsche Bank (which includes Deutsche Bank AG, its branches and all aﬃliated companies) is not acting as a ﬁnancial
adviser, consultant or ﬁduciary to you, any of your agents (collectively, "You" or "Your") with respect to any information
provided in the materials attached hereto. Deutsche Bank does not provide investment, legal, tax or accounting advice,
Deutsche Bank is not acting as Your impartial adviser, and does not express any opinion or recommendation whatsoever
as to any strategies, products or any other information presented in the materials. Information contained herein is being
provided solely on the basis that the recipient will make an independent assessment of the merits of any investment
decision, and it does not constitute a recommendation of, or express an opinion on, any product or service or any trading
strategy.
The information presented is general in nature and is not directed to retirement accounts or any speciﬁc person or account
type, and is therefore provided to You on the express basis that it is not advice, and You may not rely upon it in making
Your decision. The information we provide is being directed only to persons we believe to be ﬁnancially sophisticated,
who are capable of evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard to particular transactions
and investment strategies, and who understand that Deutsche Bank has ﬁnancial interests in the oﬀering of its products
Page 6
Deutsche Bank AG/Hong Kong
31 August 2017
Food & Beverage
Yili
and services. If this is not the case, or if You are an IRA or other retail investor receiving this directly from us, we ask
that you inform us immediately.
??
United States: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank Securities Incorporated, a member of FINRA, NFA and SIPC.
Analysts located outside of the United States are employed by non-US aﬃliates that are not subject to FINRA regulations.
Germany: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, a joint stock corporation with limited liability incorporated
in the Federal Republic of Germany with its principal oﬃce in Frankfurt am Main. Deutsche Bank AG is authorized under
German Banking Law and is subject to supervision by the European Central Bank and by BaFin, Germany’s Federal
Financial Supervisory Authority.
United Kingdom: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG acting through its London Branch at Winchester
House, 1 Great Winchester Street, London EC2N 2DB. Deutsche Bank AG in the United Kingdom is authorised by the
Prudential Regulation Authority and is subject to limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority and Financial
Conduct Authority. Details about the extent of our authorisation and regulation are available on request.
??
Hong Kong: Distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, Hong Kong Branch or Deutsche Securities Asia Limited.
??
India: Prepared by Deutsche Equities India Pvt Ltd, which is registered by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI)
as a stock broker. Research Analyst SEBI Registration Number is INH000001741. DEIPL may have received administrative
warnings from the SEBI for breaches of Indian regulations.
Japan: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Securities Inc.(DSI). Registration number - Registered as a ﬁnancial
instruments dealer by the Head of the Kanto Local Finance Bureau (Kinsho) No. 117. Member of associations: JSDA, Type
II Financial Instruments Firms Association and The Financial Futures Association of Japan. Commissions and risks involved
in stock transactions - for stock transactions, we charge stock commissions and consumption tax by multiplying the
transaction amount by the commission rate agreed with each customer. Stock transactions can lead to losses as a result
of share price ﬂuctuations and other factors. Transactions in foreign stocks can lead to additional losses stemming from
foreign exchange ﬂuctuations. We may also charge commissions and fees for certain categories of investment advice,
products and services. Recommended investment strategies, products and services carry the risk of losses to principal
and other losses as a result of changes in market and/or economic trends, and/or ﬂuctuations in market value. Before
deciding on the purchase of ﬁnancial products and/or services, customers should carefully read the relevant disclosures,
prospectuses and other documentation. "Moody's", "Standard & Poor's", and "Fitch" mentioned in this report are not
registered credit rating agencies in Japan unless Japan or "Nippon" is speciﬁcally designated in the name of the entity.
Reports on Japanese listed companies not written by analysts of DSI are written by Deutsche Bank Group's analysts with
the coverage companies speciﬁed by DSI. Some of the foreign securities stated on this report are not disclosed according
to the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan. Target prices set by Deutsche Bank's equity analysts are based
on a 12-month forecast period.
Korea: Distributed by Deutsche Securities Korea Co.
South Africa: Deutsche Bank AG Johannesburg is incorporated in the Federal Republic of Germany (Branch Register
Number in South Africa: 1998/003298/10).
??
Singapore: by Deutsche Bank AG, Singapore Branch or Deutsche Securities Asia Limited, Singapore Branch (One Raﬄes
Quay #18-00 South Tower Singapore 048583, +65 6423 8001), which may be contacted in respect of any matters arising
from, or in connection with, this report. Where this report is issued or promulgated in Singapore to a person who is not an
accredited investor, expert investor or institutional investor (as deﬁned in the applicable Singapore laws and regulations),
they accept legal responsibility to such person for its contents.
Taiwan: Information on securities/investments that trade in Taiwan is for your reference only. Readers should
independently evaluate investment risks and are solely responsible for their investment decisions. Deutsche Bank research
may not be distributed to the Taiwan public media or quoted or used by the Taiwan public media without written consent.
Information on securities/instruments that do not trade in Taiwan is for informational purposes only and is not to be
Deutsche Bank AG/Hong Kong
Page 7
31 August 2017
Food & Beverage
Yili
construed as a recommendation to trade in such securities/instruments. Deutsche Securities Asia Limited, Taipei Branch
may not execute transactions for clients in these securities/instruments.
??
Qatar: Deutsche Bank AG in the Qatar Financial Centre (registered no. 00032) is regulated by the Qatar Financial Centre
Regulatory Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - QFC Branch may only undertake the ﬁnancial services activities that fall within
the scope of its existing QFCRA license. Principal place of business in the QFC: Qatar Financial Centre, Tower, West
Bay, Level 5, PO Box 14928, Doha, Qatar. This information has been distributed by Deutsche Bank AG. Related ﬁnancial
products or services are only available to Business Customers, as deﬁned by the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory
Authority.
Russia: This information, interpretation and opinions submitted herein are not in the context of, and do not constitute,
any appraisal or evaluation activity requiring a license in the Russian Federation.
?
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia: Deutsche Securities Saudi Arabia LLC Company, (registered no. 07073-37) is regulated by
the Capital Market Authority. Deutsche Securities Saudi Arabia may only undertake the ﬁnancial services activities that
fall within the scope of its existing CMA license. Principal place of business in Saudi Arabia: King Fahad Road, Al Olaya
District, P.O. Box 301809, Faisaliah Tower - 17th Floor, 11372 Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
??
United Arab Emirates: Deutsche Bank AG in the Dubai International Financial Centre (registered no. 00045) is regulated
by the Dubai Financial Services Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - DIFC Branch may only undertake the ﬁnancial services
activities that fall within the scope of its existing DFSA license. Principal place of business in the DIFC: Dubai International
Financial Centre, The Gate Village, Building 5, PO Box 504902, Dubai, U.A.E. This information has been distributed by
Deutsche Bank AG. Related ﬁnancial products or services are only available to Professional Clients, as deﬁned by the
Dubai Financial Services Authority.
Australia: Retail clients should obtain a copy of a Product Disclosure Statement (PDS) relating to any ﬁnancial product
referred to in this report and consider the PDS before making any decision about whether to acquire the product. Please
refer to Australian speciﬁc research disclosures and related information at https://australia.db.com/australia/content/
research-information.html
??
Australia and New Zealand: This research is intended only for "wholesale clients" within the meaning of the Australian
Corporations Act and New Zealand Financial Advisors Act respectively.
Additional information relative to securities, other ﬁnancial products or issuers discussed in this report is available upon
request. This report may not be reproduced, distributed or published without Deutsche Bank's prior written consent.
Copyright © 2017 Deutsche Bank AG
Page 8
Deutsche Bank AG/Hong Kong
David Folkerts-Landau
Group Chief Economist and Global Head of Research
Raj Hindocha
Global Chief Operating Oﬃcer
Research
Michael Spencer
Head of APAC Research
Global Head of Economics
Steve Pollard
Head of Americas Research
Global Head of Equity Research
Anthony Klarman
Global Head of
Debt Research
Paul Reynolds
Head of EMEA
Equity Research
Dave Clark
Head of APAC
Equity Research
Pam Finelli
Global Head of
Equity Derivatives Research
Andreas Neubauer
Head of Research - Germany
Spyros Mesomeris
Global Head of Quantitative
and QIS Research
International locations
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Bank Place
Level 16
Corner of Hunter & Phillip Streets
Sydney, NSW 2000
Australia
Tel: (61) 2 8258 1234
Deutsche Bank AG
Mainzer Landstrasse 11-17
60329 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
Tel: (49) 69 910 00
Deutsche Bank AG
Filiale Hongkong
International Commerce Centre,
1 Austin Road West,Kowloon,
Hong Kong
Tel: (852) 2203 8888
Deutsche Securities Inc.
2-11-1 Nagatacho
Sanno Park Tower
Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 100-6171
Japan
Tel: (81) 3 5156 6770
Deutsche Bank AG London
1 Great Winchester Street
London EC2N 2EQ
United Kingdom
Tel: (44) 20 7545 8000
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.
60 Wall Street
New York, NY 10005
United States of America
Tel: (1) 212 250 2500
